Off Study Date
Off Study Reason
Off Study Other, Specify
Think about what you usually ate last month.

Please think about all the fruits and vegetables that you ate last month. Include those that  were:
raw and cooked,
eaten as snacks and at meals,
eaten at home and away from home (restaurants, friends, take-out), and
eaten alone and mixed with other foods.





Report how many times per month, week, or day you ate each food, and if you ate it, how much you usually had.

Choose the best answer for each question. Choose only one answer for each question

1. Over the last month, how many times per month, week, or day did you drink 100% juice such as orange, apple, grape, or grapefruit juice? Do not count fruit drinks like Kool-Aid, lemonade, Hi-C, cranberry juice drink, Tang, and Twister. Include juice you drank at all mealtimes and between meals.
1a. Each time you drank 100% juice, how much did you usually drink?

2. Over the last month, how many times per month, week, or day did you eat fruit? Count any kind of fruit -- fresh, canned, and frozen. Do not count juices. Include fruit you ate at all mealtimes and for snacks.
2a. Each time you ate fruit, how much did you usually eat?

3. Over the last month, how often did you eat lettuce  salad (with or without other vgetables)?
3a. Each time you ate lettuce salad, how much did you usually eat?

4. Over the last month, how often did you eat french fries or fried potatoes?
4a. Each time you ate french fries or fried potatoes, how much did you usually eat?

5. Over the last month, how often did you eat other white potatoes? Count baked, boiled, and mashed potatoes, potato salad, and white potatoes that were not fried.
5a. Each time you ate these potatoes, how much did you usually eat?

6. Over the last month, how often did you eat cooked dried beans? Count baked beans, bean soup, refried beans, pork and beans and other bean dishes.
6a. Each time you ate these beans, how much did you usually eat?

7. Over the last month, how often did you eat other vegetables? DO NOT COUNT: lettuce salads; white potatoes; cooked dried beans; vegetables in mixtures, such as in sanwitches, omelets, casseroles; Mexican dishes; stew, stir-fry; soups, etc.; rice. COUNT: all other vegetables - raw, cooked, canned, and frozen.
7a. Each of these times that you ate other vegetables, how much did you usually eat?

8. Over the last month, how often did you eat tomato sauce? Include tomato sauce on pasta or macaroni, rice, pizza and other dishes.
8a. Each time you ate tomato sauce, how much did you usually eat?

9. Over the last month, how often did you eat vegetable soups? Include tomato soup, gazpacho, beef with vegetable soup, minestrone soup, and other soups made with vegetables.
9a. Each time you ate vegetable soup, how much did you usually eat?

10. Over the last month, how often did you eat mixtures that included vegetables? Count such foods as sandwiches, casseroles, stews, stir-fry, omelets and tacos.
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Ann Arbor Stage
Modified Ann Arbor Stage
Are B symptoms present?
St. Jude Stage
Staging Time Point
COVID-19 Vaccine Survey
Did you receive the first dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your first dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your first COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Did you receive the second dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your second dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your second COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
When a COVID-19 vaccine is available to you, how likely are you to get vaccinated?
What factors might make you less likely to get the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
When a second COVID-19 vaccine is available to you, how likely are you to get vaccinated?
What factors might make you less likely to get the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Thank you for participating in this COVID-19 Vaccine Survey! Now that you've finished sharing your thoughts with All of Us, please remember to click the 'Submit' button to make sure your responses are recorded. We may be in touch to ask about future COVID-19 vaccination experiences.

If you are interested in seeing additional resources about COVID-19 vaccines and research, as well as resources related to mental health, please see the COVID-19 Resources list under the Support tab in your Participant Portal.
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
Does the participant meet all screening criteria?
If not, which screening criteria not met?
Checklist Version Date
Screen Completion Date
1. Before I solve a diabetes problem I try to understand as much as I can about it.
2. When I think a situation will get in the way of taking care of diabetes, I try to prevent that from happening. 
3. If I don't understand how to do something related to my diabetes, I try to get that information pretty quickly.
4. I try to look at a diabetes problem in different ways before I take action.
5. I try to predict what will happen if I choose a certain solution to a diabetes problem.
6. Before I try a solution with my diabetes I try to figure out what could go wrong.
7. Before I try to solve a diabetes problem, I like to be clear on a plan. 
8. I don't let a diabetes problem go on too long before I take action.
9. I follow through and put my diabetes solutions into action.
10. If a solution to a diabetes problem doesn't work, I try to figure out why
11. After trying to solve a diabetes problem I notice if the situation is better.
12. I learn something when a solution to a diabetes problem doesn't work.
13. If my first solution doesn't work, I go back and try to solve the diabetes problem again.
Score
1) Did you ever go on combat patrols or have other dangerous duty?
2) Were you ever under enemy fire?
3) Were you ever surrounded by the enemy?
4) What percentage of the soldiers in your unit were killed (KIA), wounded or missing in action (MIA)?
5) How often did you fire rounds at the enemy?
6) How often did you see someone hit by incoming or outgoing rounds?
7) How often were you in danger of being injured or killed (i.e., being pinned down, overrun, ambushed, near miss, etc.)?
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical T Stage, Anaplastic
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic T Stage, Anaplastic
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Papillary of Follicular Disease Stage, Under 45 Years
Papillary of Follicular Disease Stage, 45 Years and Older
Medullary Disease Stage
Anaplastic Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
December COPE Survey
What should I know before participating?

The All of Us Research Program is interested in understanding the changes in your experiences and health during the time of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. Help us learn more by completing this survey. Participating in this survey may help researchers around the world better understand the impact of COVID-19 during this challenging time. The All of Us Research Program will repeat this survey throughout the pandemic.

The questions in this survey may be sensitive and may cause worry or anxiety. Remember, your privacy is very important to us. Your name and identity will be separated from your answers before information is shared with approved researchers.
   
No one will monitor your answers in real time. But, based on your answers, the system may suggest free phone and text resources to help you.
You can choose not to answer any question at any time. We expect this survey will take most people approximately 8 to 10 minutes to complete. It might take some people longer to complete the survey.
Please answer each question as honestly as possible. We are looking for your own answers, and not what you think your doctors, family, or friends want you to say.

Don't feel like you must spend a long time over each question. The first answer that comes to you is usually the best one. If you aren't sure how to answer a question, choose the best answer from the options given. Some questions also let you say if you don't know an answer or would rather not answer. Some of the questions may be sensitive. You can choose not to answer any question.
In the past month, have recommendations for socially distancing caused stress for you?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have stayed home all day, including not going to a supermarket or any other place of business. I went outside but otherwise stayed at home.
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have gone to my workplace or volunteer site that is outside my home.
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings outside my home of LESS than 10 people.
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings outside my home of MORE than 10 but LESS than 50 people. In the next question, we will ask about gatherings greater than 50 people.
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings of MORE than 50 people.
What was the purpose of the large gathering? Select all that apply.
Please specify:
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have gone on shopping trips or outings that were "just for fun."
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have visited nursing homes or long-term care facilities (outside of work duties).
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have been in close contact with someone who is in a risk group for COVID-19 (adults age 50+, people with chronic medical conditions like heart, lung, liver, or kidney disease, diabetes, high blood pressure, or a suppressed immune system).
Thinking about these activities in the last 5 days, my social interaction with people outside my home was
Now, thinking about the COVID-19 recommendations and mandates... How often in the past month were you doing the recommended pandemic hygiene, like washing hands frequently, avoiding touching your face, covering coughs, wearing a mask, and avoiding frequently touched surfaces in public places?

In the past month, have you been sick for more than one day with a new illness related to COVID-19 or flu-like symptoms?
Approximate date of onset
Which of the following symptoms did you have? Select all that apply.
Are there other important symptoms you want to share with us?
Please specify:
What medical care did you receive? Please select all that apply. 
What breathing treatment did you receive? Please select all that apply.
What other breathing treatment did you receive? Please specify:
Have you EVER been near someone that you know, or suspect, had COVID-19 (such as co-workers, family members, or others)? Select all that apply.
Do you personally know someone who has died of COVID-19?
We are sorry to hear about your loss. If you are willing, please share with us your relationship with who has died. Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Do you think you have had COVID-19?
When did your symptoms begin?
Were you tested for COVID-19?
How many times have you been tested?
Did you have difficulty with the following aspects of getting a test? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Was the test(s) for COVID-19 positive?
How were you tested? Please select all that apply.
What was your reason(s) for testing? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Did you receive the flu vaccination in the past month?
Do you plan to get the flu vaccine this season?
When a COVID-19 vaccine is available, how likely are you to want to receive vaccination?
What factors might make you less likely to get the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Do you have a child that is currently enrolled in childcare centers, schools, or colleges?
In the past month, did you have a child enrolled in childcare centers, schools, or colleges that is learning remotely because of COVID-19?
Compared with when they were in person at school or a childcare center, how much time are you spending on care and supervision of your children?
Compared with when they were in in person school or a childcare center, how much time are you spending on helping your children with learning activities provided by their schools or childcare center?
What is your current employment status? Please select 1 or more of these categories.
How has the COVID-19 outbreak affected you? Please select all that apply.
Not including yourself, how many other people live at home with you? 
Think of other people who live with you. How many are under the age of 18 years?
What type of household do you live in?
Please specify:
In the past month, have you experienced the following as a result of COVID-19? Select all that apply.
In the past month, has your experience with the following behaviors increased? Please select all that apply.
In the past month, to cope with social distancing and isolation, are you doing any of the following? Please select all that apply.
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Not being able to stop or control worrying
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Little interest or pleasure in doing things
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself in some way
If this is how you feel, think about getting help. There are people who can help 24/7.

Text the Crisis Text Line at 741741 orCall the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.
If you know it, what is your blood group/blood type?
Are you currently pregnant?
Are you receiving prenatal care? 
How has your prenatal care changed since COVID-19? (If you became pregnant during COVID-19, compare to any prior pregnancies if relevant.) Select all that apply.
Please specify:
Are you covered by health insurance or some other kind of health care plan?
Are you covered by health insurance or some other kind of health care plan? Select all that apply.
Please specify:
To learn more about COVID-19: If you or someone you care about needs help:Disaster Distress Helpline: 1-800-985-5990 (press 2 for Spanish), or text TalkWithUs for English or Hablanos for Spanish to 66746. Spanish speakers from Puerto Rico can text Hablanos to 1-787-339-2663 National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 1-800-273-TALK (8255) for English, 1-888-628-9454 for Spanish, or 
1. I can't think straight when in pain
2. During painful episodes it is difficult for me to think of anything besides the pain
3. When I hurt I think about pain constantly
4. I find it hard to concentrate when I hurt
5. I worry when I am in pain
6. I go immediately to bed when I feel severe pain
7. I will stop any activity as soon as I sense pain coming on
8. As soon as pain comes on I take medication to reduce it
9. I avoid important activities when I hurt
10. I try to avoid activities that cause pain
11. I think that if my pain gets too severe it will never decrease
12. When I feel pain I am afraid that something terrible will happen
13. When I feel pain I think I might be seriously ill
14. Pain sensations are terrifying
15. When pain comes on strong I think that I might become paralyzed or more disabled
16. I begin trembling when engaged in activity that increases pain
17. Pain seems to cause my heart to pound or race
18. When I sense pain I feel dizzy or faint
19. Pain makes me nauseous
20. I find it difficult to calm my body down after periods of pain
Cognitive (Items 1 to 5)
Escape/Avoidance (Items 6 to 10)
Fear (Items 11 to 15)
Physiological Anxiety (Items 16 to 20)
Total Score
Name
Date of birth
Date
1. I feel uninterested in the things I used to enjoy.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
2. I often seem to live through events exactly as they
 
 happened before (déjà vu).
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
3. I sometimes smell or taste things that other people can't smell or taste.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
4. I often hear unusual sounds like banging, clicking, hissing, clapping or ringing in my ears.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
5. I have been confused at times whether something I experienced was real or imaginary.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
6. When I look at a person, or look at myself in a mirror, I have seen the face change right before my eyes.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
7. I get extremely anxious when meeting people for the first time.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
8. I have seen things that other people apparently can't see.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
9. My thoughts are sometimes so strong that I can almost hear them.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
10. I sometimes see special meanings in advertisements, shop windows, or in the way things are arranged around me.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
11. Sometimes I have felt that I'm not in control of my own ideas or thoughts.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
12. Sometimes I feel suddenly distracted by distant sounds that I am not normally aware of.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
13. I have heard things other people can't hear like voices of people whispering or talking.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
14. I often feel that others have it in for me.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
15. I have had the sense that some person or force is around me, even though I could not see anyone.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
16. I feel that parts of my body have changed in some way, or that parts of my body are working differently than before.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
Gender
Mark each box that applies
Alcohol
Illegal drugs
Prescription drugs
Alcohol
Illegal drugs
Prescription drugs
3. Age (mark box if 16-45)
4. History of preadolecent sexual abuse
Attention-deficit disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, bipolar, schizophrenia
Depression
Family history Alcohol Score
Family history Illegal Drugs Score
Family history Prescription Drug Score
Personal history Alcohol Score
Personal history Illegal Drugs Score
Personal history Prescription Drug Score
Age Score
Sexual Abuse Score
Psychological Disease Score
Depression Score
Total
Total Score risk category Low Risk: 0-3 Moderate risk: 4-7 High Risk >= 8
Child's Name/ID
Parent's Name/ID
Relationship to Child
Child's Age
Child Sex
Child Date of Birth
Today's Date
Child's Grade
1. 	I express affection by hugging, kissing, and holding my child.
2. If my child whines or complains when I take away a privilege, I will give it back.
3. I am afraid that disciplining my child for misbehavior will cause her/him to not like me.
4. I argue with my child.
5. I use threats as punishment with little or no justification.
6. The punishment I give my child depends on my mood.
7. I have warm and intimate times together with my child.
8. I yell or shout when my child misbehaves.
9. My child talks me out of punishing him/her after he/she has done something wrong.
10. I show respect for my child's opinions by encouraging him/her to express them.
11. If my child does his/her chores, I will recognize his/her behavior in some manner.
12. I let my child out of a punishment early (like lift restrictions earlier than I originally said).
13. I explode in anger toward my child.
14. I spank my child with my hand when he/she has done something wrong.
15. I give reasons for my requests (such as "We must leave in five minutes, so it's time to clean up.").
16. I lose my temper when my child doesn't do something I ask him/her to do.
17. I encourage my child to talk about her/his troubles.
18. If I give my child a request and she/he carries out the request, I praise her/him for listening and complying.
19. I warn my child before a change of activity is required (such as a five-minute warning before leaving the house in the morning).
20. If my child gets upset when I say "No," I back down and give in to her/him.
21. My child and I hug and/or kiss each other.
22. I listen to my child's ideas and opinions
23. I feel that getting my child to obey is more trouble than it's worth.
24. I spank my child when I am extremely angry.
25. I use physical punishment as a way of disciplining my child.
26. If my child cleans his room, I will tell him/her how proud I am.
27. I give in to my child when she/he causes a commotion about something.
28. I tell my child my expectations regarding behavior before my child engages in an activity.
29. When I am upset or under stress, I am picky and on my child's back.
30. I tell my child that I like it when he/she helps out around the house.
31. I use physical punishment (for example, spanking) to discipline my child because other things I have tried have not worked.
32. I provide my child with a brief explanation when I discipline his/her misbehavior.
33. I avoid struggles with my child by giving clear choices.
34. When my child misbehaves, I let him know what will happen if she/he doesn't behave.
Hostility factor score (MAPS HS).
Physical Control factor score (MAPS PC).
Lax Control factor score (MAPS LC).
Proactive Parenting factor score (MAPS PP).
Positive Reinforcement factor score (MAPS PR).
Warmth factor score (MAPS WM).
Supportiveness factor score (MAPS SP).
Broadband Positive Parenting factor score (MAPS POS).
Broadband Negative Parenting factor score (MAPS NEG).
Adverse Event Grade
AE Start Date
Was patient hospitalized for toxicity?
Cycle #
To what is the AE attributed?
Other Attribution, Specify
AE Stop Date
MedDRA System Organ Class (SOC)
MedDRA AE Code (CTCAE v4.0)
AE Attribution
Reporting Period End Date
Were adverse events assessed during most recent period
Expected? (Yes/No)
Serious?
Event Onset Time
Course
AE Evaluation Period Start Date
Pre-existing AE?
AE Resolved Time
AE Ongoing?
Participant Status/Outcome
Adverse Event Condition Pattern
Did event reappear after study agent was reintroduced?
Comments
Why serious?
Dose-Limiting Toxicity?
Instructions: We have listed 24 symptoms below. Read each one carefully. If you have had the symptom during the past week, let us know how OFTEN you had it, how SEVERE it was usually and how much it DISTRESSED or BOTHERED you by selecting the appropriate number. If you DID NOT HAVE the symptom, mark the "NO" circle.  DURING THE PAST WEEK Did you have any of the following symptoms?
Difficulty concentrating
How OFTEN did you have difficulty concentrating?
How SEVERE was the difficulty concentrating usually?
How much did the difficulty concentrating DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Pain
How OFTEN did you have pain?
How SEVERE was the pain usually?
How much did the pain DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Lack of energy
How OFTEN did you have lack of energy?
How SEVERE was the lack of energy usually?
How much did the lack of energy DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Cough
How OFTEN did you have the cough?
How severe was the cough usually?
How much did the cough DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Feeling nervous
How OFTEN did you feel nervous?
How SEVERE was the nervousness usually?
How much did the nervousness DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Dry mouth
How OFTEN did you have dry mouth?
How SEVERE was the dry mouth usually?
How much did the dry mouth DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Nausea
How OFTEN did you have nausea?
How SEVERE was the nausea usually?
How much did the nausea DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Feeling drowsy
How often did you feel drowsy?
How SEVERE was the drowsiness usually?
How much did the drowsiness DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Numbness/tingling in hands/feet
How OFTEN did you have the numbness/tingling in hands/feet?
How SEVERE was the numbness/tingling usually?
How much did the numbness/tingling DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Difficulty sleeping
How OFTEN did you have difficulty sleeping?
How SEVERE was the difficulty sleeping usually?
How much did the difficulty sleeping DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Feeling bloated
How OFTEN did you feel bloated?
How SEVERE was the bloated feeling usually?
How much did feeling bloated DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Problems with urination
How OFTEN did you have problems with urination?
How SEVERE were the urination problems usually?
How much did the urination problems DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Vomiting
How OFTEN did you vomit?
How SEVERE was the vomiting usually?
How much did the vomiting DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Shortness of breath
How OFTEN did you have the shortness of breath?
How SEVERE was the shortness of breath?
How much did the shortness of breath DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Diarrhea
How OFTEN did you have diarrhea?
How SEVERE was the diarrhea usually?
How much did the diarrhea DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Feeling sad
How OFTEN did you feel sad?
How SEVERE was the feeling of sadness usually?
How much did the feeling of sadness DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Sweats
How OFTEN did you have sweats?
How SEVERE were the sweats usually?
How much did the sweats DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Worrying
How OFTEN did you worry?
How SEVERE was the worrying usually?
How much did the worrying DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Problems with sexual interest or activity
How OFTEN did you have problems with sexual interest or activity?
How SEVERE were the problems with sexual interest or activity?
How much did the problems with sexual interest or activity DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Itching
How OFTEN did you have itching?
How SEVERE was the itching usually?
How much did the itching DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Lack of appetite
How OFTEN did you have lack of appetite?
How SEVERE was the lack of appetite usually?
How much did the lack of appetite DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Dizziness
How OFTEN did you have dizziness?
How SEVERE was the dizziness usually?
How much did the dizziness DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Difficulty swallowing
How OFTEN did you have difficulty swallowing?
How SEVERE was the difficulty swallowing usually?
How much did the difficulty swallowing DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Feeling irritable
How OFTEN did you feel irritable?
How SEVERE was the irritability usually?
How much did the irritability DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
INSTRUCTIONS: We have listed 8 symptoms below. Read each one carefully. If you have had the symptom during this past week, let us know how SEVERE it was usually and how much it DISTRESSED or BOTHERED you by selecting the appropriate number. if you DID NOT HAVE the symptom, mark "NO".  DURING THE PAST WEEK,  Did you have any of the following symptoms?
Mouth sores
How SEVERE were the mouth sores usually?
How much did the mouth sores DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Change in the way food tastes
How SEVERE was the change in taste usually?
How much did the change in taste DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Weight loss
How SEVERE was the weight loss usually?
How much did the weight loss DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Hair loss
How SEVERE was the hair loss usually?
How much did the hair loss DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Constipation
How SEVERE was the constipation usually?
How much did the constipation DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Swelling of arms or legs
How SEVERE was the swelling in your legs usually?
How much did the swelling DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
"I don't look like myself"
How SEVERE do you feel you do not look like yourself usually?
How much did it DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Changes in skin
How SEVERE was the swelling in your legs usually?
How much did the swelling DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
If you had any other symptoms during the past week, please list below and indicate how much the symptom has distressed or bothered you.
Other:
How much did this symptom DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Other:
How much did this symptom DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Other:
How much did this symptom DISTRESS or BOTHER you?
Child's Name/ID
Parent's Name/ID
Relationship to Child
Child's Age
Child Sex
Child Date of Birth
Today's Date
Child's Grade
1. 	I express affection by hugging, kissing, and holding my child.
2. If my child whines or complains when I take away a privilege, I will give it back.
3. I am afraid that disciplining my child for misbehavior will cause her/him to not like me.
4. I argue with my child.
5. I use threats as punishment with little or no justification.
6. The punishment I give my child depends on my mood.
7. I have warm and intimate times together with my child.
8. I yell or shout when my child misbehaves.
9. My child talks me out of punishing him/her after he/she has done something wrong.
10. I show respect for my child's opinions by encouraging him/her to express them.
11. If my child does his/her chores, I will recognize his/her behavior in some manner.
12. I let my child out of a punishment early (like lift restrictions earlier than I originally said).
13. I explode in anger toward my child.
14. I spank my child with my hand when he/she has done something wrong.
15. I give reasons for my requests (such as "We must leave in five minutes, so it's time to clean up.").
16. I lose my temper when my child doesn't do something I ask him/her to do.
17. I encourage my child to talk about her/his troubles.
18. If I give my child a request and she/he carries out the request, I praise her/him for listening and complying.
19. I warn my child before a change of activity is required (such as a five-minute warning before leaving the house in the morning).
20. If my child gets upset when I say "No," I back down and give in to her/him.
21. My child and I hug and/or kiss each other.
22. I listen to my child's ideas and opinions
23. I feel that getting my child to obey is more trouble than it's worth.
24. I spank my child when I am extremely angry.
25. I use physical punishment as a way of disciplining my child.
26. If my child cleans his room, I will tell him/her how proud I am.
27. I give in to my child when she/he causes a commotion about something.
28. I tell my child my expectations regarding behavior before my child engages in an activity.
29. When I am upset or under stress, I am picky and on my child's back.
30. I tell my child that I like it when he/she helps out around the house.
31. I use physical punishment (for example, spanking) to discipline my child because other things I have tried have not worked.
32. I provide my child with a brief explanation when I discipline his/her misbehavior.
33. I avoid struggles with my child by giving clear choices.
34. When my child misbehaves, I let him know what will happen if she/he doesn't behave.
Scoring code
1.  I daydream and fantasize, with some regularity, about things that might happen to me.
2. I often have tender, concerned feelings for people less fortunate than me.
3.  I sometimes find it difficult to see things from the "other guy's" point of view. 
4.  Sometimes I don't feel very sorry for other people when they are having problems. 
5.  I really get involved with the feelings of the characters in a novel. 
6.  In emergency situations, I feel apprehensive and ill-at-ease. 
7.	I am usually objective when I watch a movie or play, and I don't often get completely caught up in it. 
8.  I try to look at everybody's side of a disagreement before I make a decision. 
9. When I see someone being taken advantage of, I feel kind of protective towards them. 
10.  I sometimes feel helpless when I am in the middle of a very emotional situation. 
11. I sometimes try to understand my friends better by imagining how things look from their perspective.  
12. Becoming extremely involved in a good book or movie is somewhat rare for me. 
13.  When I see someone get hurt, I tend to remain calm. 
14.  Other people's misfortunes do not usually disturb me a great deal. 
15. If I'm sure I'm right about something, I don't waste much time listening to other people's arguments.  
16. After seeing a play or movie, I have felt as though I were one of the characters.
17.  Being in a tense emotional situation scares me.
18. When I see someone being treated unfairly, I sometimes don't feel very much pity for them.
19.  I am usually pretty effective in dealing with emergencies. 
20.  I am often quite touched by things that I see happen. 
21. I believe that there are two sides to every question and try to look at them both.
22.  I would describe myself as a pretty soft-hearted person.
23.  When I watch a good movie, I can very easily put myself in the place of a leading character. 
24.  I tend to lose control during emergencies. 
25.  When I'm upset at someone, I usually try to "put myself in his shoes" for a while.
26. When I am reading an interesting story or novel, I imagine how I would feel if the events in the story were happening to me. 
27.  When I see someone who badly needs help in an emergency, I go to pieces. 
28.  Before criticizing somebody, I try to imagine how I would feel if I were in their place. 
Choose the circle on the scale which best describes the degree of happiness, everything considered, of you present marriage.  The middle point, "happy," represents the degree of happiness which most people get from marriage, and the scale gradually ranges on one side to those few who are very unhappy in marriage, and on the other, to those few who experience extreme joy or felicity in marriage. 
Handling family finances
Matters of recreation
Demonstrations of affection
Friends
Sex relations
Conventionality (right, good, or proper conduct)
Philosophy of life
Ways of dealing with in-laws
When disagreements arise, they usually result in:
Do you and your mate engage in outside interests together?
In leisure time, do you generally prefer:
Does your mate generally prefer:
Do you ever wish you had not married?
If you had your life to live over again, do you think you would:
Do you ever confide in your mate?
Score:
1. In uncertain times, I usually expect the best.
2. It's easy for me to relax.
3. If something can go wrong for me, it will.
4. I'm always optimistic about my future.
5. I enjoy my friends a lot.
6. It's important for me to keep busy.
7. I hardly ever expect things to go my way.
8. I don't get upset too easily.
9. I rarely count on good things happening to me.
10. Overall, I expect more good things to happen to me than bad.
1) The problems of taking care of a child are easy to solve once you know how your actions affect your child, an understanding I have acquired.
2) Even though being a parent could be rewarding, I am frustrated now while my child is at his/her present age.
3) I go to bed the same way I wake up in the morning, feeling like I have not accomplished a whole lot.
4) I do not know why it is, but sometimes when I'm supposed to be in control, I feel like the one being manipulated.
5) My mother was more prepared to be a good mother than I am.
6) I would make a fine model for a new mother to follow, in order to learn what she would need to know in order to be a good parent.
7) Being a parent is manageable, and any problems are easily solved.
8) A difficult problem in being a parent is not knowing whether you're doing a good job or a bad one.
9) Sometimes I feel like I'm not getting anything done.
10) I meet my own personal expectations for expertise in caring for my child.
11) If anyone can find the answer to what is troubling my child, I am the one.
12) My talents and interests are in other areas, not in being a parent.
13) Considering how long I've been a mother, I feel thoroughly familiar with this role.
14) If being a mother of a child were only more interesting, I would be motivated to do a better job as a parent.
15 I honestly believe that I have all the skills necessary to be a good mother to my child.
16) Being a parent makes me tense and anxious.
17) Being a good mother is a reward in itself.
Score:
1. Little interest or pleasure in doing things
2. Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
3. Trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much
4. Feeling tired or having little energy
5. Poor appetite or overeating
6. Feeling bad about yourself, or that you are a failure, or have let yourself or your family down
7. Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television
8. Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite--being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual
Score is the sum of the 8 items. If more than 1 item missing, set the value of the scale to missing. A score of 10 or greater is considered major depression, 20 or more is severe major depression.
Score
1. Do you currently have a job or do any unpaid work outside your home?
[Interviewer clarification: This also includes credit and non-credit classes or course work. It also includes volunteer work and time spent looking for work. It does not includes unpaid house or yard work, nor caring for dependents, this will be asked in a later section.]
2. During the  last 7 days, on how many days did you do  vigorous physical activities as part of your work?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]  [Interviewer clarification: Work includes paid and unpaid work as well as course work. Include all jobs and volunteer work.]
3. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing vigorous physical activities as part of your work?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities you did for at  least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
4. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate physical activities as part of your work?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]  [Interviewer clarification: Work includes paid and unpaid work as well as course work. Include all jobs.]
5. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities as part of your work?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
6. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you walk as part of your work?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only the walking that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]  [Interviewer clarification: Include all jobs.]
7. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days walking as part of your work?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only the walking you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
8. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you travel in a motor vehicle like a train, bus, car or tram? 
9. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days traveling in a car, bus, train or other kind of motor vehicle?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
Hours per week
Minutes per week
10. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you bicycle to go from place to place?
[Interviewer clarification: Think only about the bicycling that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
11. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days to bicycle from place to place?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only the bicycling that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
12. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you walk to go from place to place?
[Interviewer clarification: Think only about the walking that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
13. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days walking from place to place?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only the walking that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
14. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do vigorous physical activities in the garden or yard?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
15. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing vigorous physical activities in the garden or yard?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
16. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate activities in the garden or yard?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
17. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities in the garden or yard?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
18. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate activities inside your home?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]  [Interviewer clarification: During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do activities that take at least moderate effort inside your home?]
19. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities inside your home?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
20. Not counting any walking you have already mentioned, during the last 7 days, on how many days did you walk for at least 10 minutes at a time in your leisure time?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only the walking that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
21. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days walking in your leisure time?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only the walking that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
[Interviewer clarification: Vigorous activities make you breathe much harder than normal.]
22. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do vigorous physical activities in your leisure time?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those vigorous physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
23. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing vigorous physical activities in your leisure time?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
[Interviewer clarification: Moderate physical activities make you breathe somewhat harder than normal.]
24. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate physical activities in your leisure time?
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
25. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities in your leisure time?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
26. During the  last 7 days, how much time did you usually spend sitting on a weekday?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Include time spent lying down (awake) as well as sitting.]
[Interviewer probe] An average time per day is being sought. If the respondent can't answer because the pattern of time spent sitting varies widely from day to day Ask: "How much time in total did you spend sitting on Wednesday?"
Hours on Wednesday
Minutes on Wednesday
27. During the last 7 days, how much time did you usually spend sitting on a weekend day?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Include time spent lying down (awake) as well as sitting.]
Hours on Saturday
Minutes on Saturday
1. If you ate the entire bag of chips, how many total grams of carbohydrate would you eat?  Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1oz. (28g/About 10 chips) Servings Per Container 3.5 Amount Per Serving Calories 140 Calories from Fat 60 % Daily Value* Total Fat 6g 10% Saturated Fat 0.5g 4% Cholesterol 0mg 0% Sodium 150 mg 7% Total Carbohydrate 18g 6%  1. ANSWER _________ total grams
If you ate the entire bag of chips, how many total grams of carbohydrate would you eat?   Nutrition Facts Serving Size 1 oz. (28g/About 10 chips) Servings Per Container 3.5 Amount Per Serving  Calories 140Calories from Fat 60 Daily Value Total Fat  6g10% Saturated Fat 0.5g4%  Cholesterol 0mg0%  Sodium 150mg0%  TotalCarbohydrate 18g6%  1. ANSWER _________ total grams
Did patient answer #1 correctly?
2. 1/2 cup of potatoes counts as 1 carbohydrate choice. How many choices does 2 cups of potatoes count as?  2. ANSWER _________ choices
Did patient answer #2 correctly?
3. You ate 1 and 1/2 cups from the food labeled below. How many grams of carbohydrate did you eat?  Nutrition Facts Serving size:  cup Servings per container 10 Amount per Serving Calories 150 Calories Total Fat 7g Total Carbohydrates 18 grams Dietary Fiber 3g Sugars 3g Protein 3g  3. ANSWER _________ grams
Did patient answer #3 correctly?
4. You have to eat 6 grams of carbohydrate for each 30 minutes you plan to walk. You are planning to walk for one hour. You have a bag with 12 crackers. Each cracker contains 10 grams of carbohydrate. How many crackers do you need to eat before your walk? 4. ANSWER _________ crackers 
Did patient answer #4 correctly?
5. Your target blood sugar is between 60 and 120. Please choose the values listed that are in the target range (choose all that apply):  
Did patient answer #5 correctly?
6. You test your blood sugar 4 times a day. How many strips do you need to take with you on a 2-week vacation?  6. ANSWER _________ strips
Did patient answer #6 correctly?
7. You test your blood sugar 3 times a day. You purchase a prescription of 50 strips on March 5th. Of the dates listed, by when will you need to buy new strips?  
Did patient answer #7 correctly?
8. You have a prescription for metformin extended release 500 mg tablets. The label says, "Take 1 tablet with supper each night for the first week. Then, increase by 1 tablet each week for a total of 4 tablets daily with supper." How many tablets should you take with supper each night the second week?  8. ANSWER _________ tablets 
Did patient answer #8 correctly?
9. Your insulin dose is increased to 54 units and you begin using a larger syringe that holds 100 units. On the syringe below, circle the line/marking that shows you have drawn 54 units.
Did patient answer #9 correctly?
1O. Please round down to the nearest whole number. You are given the following instructions: "Take 1 unit of insulin for every 7 grams of carbohydrate you eat." How much insulin do you take: When you eat 98 grams at supper?  98g  10. ANSWER _________ units 
Did patient answer #10 correctly?
11. You are told to follow the sliding scale shown here. The sliding scale indicates the amount of insulin you take based upon your blood sugar levels.  If Blood sugar is:........ Units of Insulin 130-180....................... 0 181-230........................1 231-280........................2 281-330........................3 331-380........................4  How much insulin would you take for a blood sugar of 295?  11. ANSWER _________ units 
Did patient answer #11 correctly?
Did patient answer #12 correctly?
12. Your blood sugar is 284 and you ate 40 grams of carbohydrate at breakfast. How much total insulin do you need to take?  284 mg/dl......40 grams  12. ANSWER _________ units
13. Your blood sugar is 380 and you will eat 60 grams of carbohydrate at supper. How much total insulin do you need to take?  380 mg/dl.....60 grams  13. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #13 correctly?
14. Morning of day 1, your blood sugar is 164. How much insulin will you take that night?  14. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #14 correctly?
15. Morning of day 2, your blood sugar is 136. How much insulin will you take that night?  15. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #15 correctly?
Time for Patient Completion (in minutes)
Instructions: This scale is made up of a list of statements each of which may or may not be true about you. For each statement choose"definitely true" if you are sure it is true about you and "probably true" if you think it is true but are not absolutely certain. Similarly, you should choose "definitely false" if you are sure the statement is false and "probably false" if you think it is false but are not absolutely certain. 
1. If I wanted to go on a trip for a day (for example, to the country or mountains), I would have a hard time finding someone to go with me.
2. I feel that there is no one I can share my most private worries and fears with. 
3. If I were sick, I could easily find someone to help me with my daily chores. 
4. There is someone I can turn to for advice about handling problems with my family.
5. If I decide one afternoon that I would like to go to a movie that evening, I could easily find someone to go with me. 
6. When I need suggestions on how to deal with a personal problem, I know someone I can turn to. 
7. I don't often get invited to do things with others. 
8. If I had to go out of town for a few weeks, it would be difficult to find someone who would look after my house or apartment (the plants, pets, garden, etc.). 
9. If I wanted to have lunch with someone, I could easily find someone to join me. 
10. If I was stranded 10 miles from home, there is someone I could call who could come and get me. 
11. If a family crisis arose, it would be difficult to find someone who could give me good advice about how to handle it. 
12. If I needed some help in moving to a new house or apartment, I would have a hard time finding someone to help me. 
Appraisal Score
Belonging Score
Tangible Score
Total Score
Scoring Instructions
The following questions ask about aspects of your life that may contribute to your health and risk of disease. 
 
What is your race? (Select all that apply.)
You chose "Other Pacific Islander." Please type in your specific race. 
You chose "Other Asian." Please type in your specific race. 
You chose "Some other race." Please type in your race. 
You did not answer the question "What is your race?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is your race?"
Are you of Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin?
You chose "Yes, another Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin."  Please type in your origin.
You did not answer the question "Are you of Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Are you of Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin"
What is the highest level of school you have completed?  Note:  Elementary School = 1-8 High School = 9-12 College = 13-16 Graduate/Professional School = 17-20+
You did not answer the question "What is the highest level of school you have completed?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is the highest level of school you have completed?" 
What is the highest degree you earned? (Choose one.)
You chose "Other." Please type in the highest degree you earned.
You did not answer the question "What is the highest degree you earned?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is the highest degree you earned?" 
How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating? Would you say it is:
You did not answer the question "How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating?" 
Stress means a situation in which a person feels tense, restless, nervous, or anxious, or is unable to sleep at night because his/her mind is troubled all the time. Do you feel this kind of stress these days?
You did not answer the question "Do you feel this kind of stress these days?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Do you feel this kind of stress these days?"
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?
You did not answer the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?"
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?
You did not answer the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?"
On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise (like walking fast, running, jogging, dancing, swimming, biking, or other activities that cause a light or heavy sweat)?
You did not answer the question "On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise?"
On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?
You did not answer the question "On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?"
Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE? 
You did not answer the question "Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE?"
Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all? 
You did not answer the question "Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all?"
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
You did not answer the question "How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?"
How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
You did not answer the question "How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?"
How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion? 
You did not answer the question "How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?"
In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors? 
You did not answer the question "In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors?"
In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives (for example, going out together or visiting in each other's homes)? 
You did not answer the question "In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives?"
How often do you attend church or religious services?
You did not answer the question "How often do you attend church or religious services?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you attend church or religious services?"
How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?
You did not answer the question "How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?"
Which of the following best describes your marital status?
You did not answer the question "Which of the following best describes your marital status?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Which of the following best describes your marital status?"
Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question. 
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?"
Enter the name of your doctor here:
1. Did you get care from the doctor named above in the last 12 months?
2. Is this the doctor you usually see if you need a check-up, want advice about a health problem, or get sick or hurt?
3. How long have you been going to this doctor?
4. In the last 12 months, how many times did you visit this doctor to get care for yourself?
5. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office to get an appointment for an illness, injury or condition that needed care right away?
6. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office to get an appointment for care you needed right away, how often did you get an appointment as soon as you thought you needed?
7. In the last 12 months, did you make any appointments for a check-up or routine care with this doctor?
8. In the last 12 months, when you made an appointment for a check-up or routine care with this doctor, how often did you get an appointment as soon as you thought you needed?
9. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office with a medical question during regular office hours?
10. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office during regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question that same day?
11. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office with a medical question after regular office hours?
12. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office after regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question as soon as you needed?
13. Wait time includes time spent in the waiting room and exam room. In the last 12 months, how often did you see this doctor within 15 minutes of your appointment time?
14. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor explain things in a way that was easy to understand?
15. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor listen carefully to you?
16. In the last 12 months, did you talk with this doctor about any health problems or concerns?
17. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about taking care of these health problems or concerns?
18. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor seem to know the important information about your medical history?
19. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor show respect for what you had to say?
20. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor spend enough time with you?
21. In the last 12 months, did this doctor order a blood test, x-ray or other test for you?
22. In the last 12 months, when this doctor ordered a blood test, x-ray or other test for you, how often did someone from this doctor's office follow up to give you those results?
23. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst doctor possible and 10 is the best doctor possible, what number would you use to rate this doctor?
24. In the last 12 months, how often were clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office as helpful as you thought they should be?
25. In the last 12 months, how often did clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office treat you with courtesy and respect?
26. In general, how would you rate your overall health?
27. A health provider is a doctor, nurse or anyone else you would see for health care. In the past 12 months, have you seen a doctor or other health provider 3 or more times for the same condition or problem?
28. Is this a condition or problem that has lasted for at least 3 months? Do not include pregnancy or menopause.
29. Do you now need or take medicine prescribed by a doctor? Do not include birth control.
30. Is this medicine to treat a condition that has lasted for at least 3 months? Do not include pregnancy or menopause.
31. What is your age?
32. Are you male or female?
33. What is the highest grade or level of school that you have completed?
34. Are you of Hispanic or Latino origin or descent?
35. What is your race? Please mark one or more.
36. Did someone help you complete this survey?
37. How did that person help you? Mark all that apply.
How did that person help?

Escribir un diario es una excelente manera de expresar sentimientos difíciles para sobrellevar tiempos complicados en su vida. Escribir acerca de sus emociones puede ser bueno para su salud y bienestar.
*These scales should NOT be used alone to make any diagnosis.   NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-TEACHER Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-TEACHER Informant
Today's Date
Child's Name
Date of Birth
Parent's Name
Parent's Phone Number
Is this evaluation based on a time when the child
1. Does not pay attention to details or makes careless mistakes with, for example, homework
2. Has difficulty keeping attention to what needs to be done
3. Does not seem to listen when spoken to directly
4. Does not follow through when given directions and fails to finish activities (not due to refusal or failure to understand)
5. Has difficulty organizing tasks and activities
6. Avoids, dislikes, or does not want to start tasks that require ongoing mental effort
7. Loses things necessary for tasks or activities (toys, assignments, pencils, or books)
8. Is easily distracted by noises or other stimuli
9. Is forgetful in daily activities
10. Fidgets with hands or feet or squirms in seat
11. Leaves seat when remaining seated is expected
12. Runs about or climbs too much when remaining seated is expected
13. Has difficulty playing or beginning quiet play activities
14. Is "on the go" or often acts as if "driven by a motor"
15. Talks too much
16. Blurts out answers before questions have been completed
17. Has difficulty waiting his or her turn
18. Interrupts or intrudes in on others' conversations and/or activities
19. Overall school performance
20. Reading
21. Writing
22. Mathematics
23. Relationship with parents
24. Relationship with siblings
25. Relationship with peers
26. Participation in organized activities (eg, teams)
Headache
Stomachache
Change of appetite-explain below
Trouble sleeping
Irritability in the late morning, late afternoon, or evening-explain below
Socially withdrawn-decreased interaction with others
Extreme sadness or unusual crying
Dull, tired, listless behavior
Tremors/feeling shaky
Repetitive movements, tics, jerking, twitching, eye blinking-explain below
Picking at skin or fingers, nail biting, lip or cheek chewing-explain below
Sees or hears things that aren't there
Explain/Comments:
Scoring Instructions for the NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scales
Total Symptom Score for questions 1-18:
Average Performance Score for questions 19-26:
Is subject male? If "yes," no pregnancy test needed.
Was pregnancy test performed?
Pregnancy Test Result
Additional Notes:
February COPE Survey
What should I know before participating?

The All of Us Research Program is interested in understanding the changes in your experiences and health during the time of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. Help us learn more by completing this survey. Participating in this survey may help researchers around the world better understand the impact of COVID-19 during this challenging time. The All of Us Research Program may repeat this survey throughout the pandemic.

The questions in this survey may be sensitive and may cause worry or anxiety. Remember, your privacy is very important to us. Your name and identity will be separated from your answers before information is shared with approved researchers.
   
No one will monitor your answers in real time. But, based on your answers, the system may suggest free phone and text resources to help you.
You can choose not to answer any question at any time. We expect this survey will take most people approximately 8 to 10 minutes to complete. It might take some people longer to complete the survey.
Please answer each question as honestly as possible. We are looking for your own answers, and not what you think your doctors, family, or friends want you to say.

Don't feel like you must spend a long time over each question. The first answer that comes to you is usually the best one. If you aren't sure how to answer a question, choose the best answer from the options given. Some questions also let you say if you don't know an answer or would rather not answer. Some of the questions may be sensitive. You can choose not to answer any question.
In the past month, have recommendations for socially distancing caused stress for you?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have stayed home all day, including not going to a supermarket or any other place of business. I went outside but otherwise stayed at home.
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have gone to my workplace or volunteer site that is outside my home.
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings outside my home of LESS than 10 people.
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings outside my home of MORE than 10 but LESS than 50 people. In the next question, we will ask about gatherings greater than 50 people.
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings of MORE than 50 people.
What was the purpose of the large gathering? Select all that apply.
Please specify:
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have gone on shopping trips or outings that were "just for fun."
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have visited nursing homes or long-term care facilities (outside of work duties).
How often did you wear a face mask or face covering?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have been in close contact with someone who is in a risk group for COVID-19 (adults age 50+, people with chronic medical conditions like heart, lung, liver, or kidney disease, diabetes, high blood pressure, or a suppressed immune system).
Thinking about these activities in the last 5 days, my social interaction with people outside my home was
Now, thinking about the COVID-19 recommendations and mandates... How often in the past month were you doing the recommended pandemic hygiene, like washing hands frequently, avoiding touching your face, covering coughs, wearing a mask, and avoiding frequently touched surfaces in public places?

In the past month, have you been sick for more than one day with a new illness related to COVID-19 or flu-like symptoms?
Approximate date of onset
Which of the following symptoms did you have? Select all that apply.
Are there other important symptoms you want to share with us?
Please specify:
What medical care did you receive? Please select all that apply. 
What breathing treatment did you receive? Please select all that apply.
What other breathing treatment did you receive? Please specify:
Have you EVER been near someone that you know, or suspect, had COVID-19 (such as co-workers, family members, or others)? Select all that apply.
Do you personally know someone who has died of COVID-19?
We are sorry to hear about your loss. If you are willing, please share with us your relationship with who has died. Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Do you think you have had COVID-19?
When did your symptoms begin?
Were you tested for COVID-19?
How many times have you been tested?
Did you have difficulty with the following aspects of getting a test? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Was the test(s) for COVID-19 positive?
How were you tested? Please select all that apply.
What was your reason(s) for testing? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Did you receive the flu vaccination in the past month?
Do you plan to get the flu vaccine this season?
Did you receive the COVID-19 vaccination?
How many doses of the vaccine did you receive?
Enter date of vaccine dose 1
Enter date of vaccine dose 2
Which vaccine did you receive?
Please specify:
When a COVID-19 vaccine is available to you, how likely are you to want to receive vaccination?
What factors might make you less likely to get the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Do you have a child that is currently enrolled in childcare centers, schools, or colleges?
In the past month, did you have a child enrolled in childcare centers, schools, or colleges that is learning remotely because of COVID-19?
Compared with when they were in person at school or a childcare center, how much time are you spending on care and supervision of your children?
Compared with when they were in in person school or a childcare center, how much time are you spending on helping your children with learning activities provided by their schools or childcare center?
What is your current employment status? Please select 1 or more of these categories.
How has the COVID-19 outbreak affected you? Please select all that apply.
Not including yourself, how many other people live at home with you? 
Think of other people who live with you. How many are under the age of 18 years?
What type of household do you live in?
Please specify:
In the past month, have you experienced the following as a result of COVID-19? Select all that apply.
In the past month, has your experience with the following behaviors increased? Please select all that apply.
In the past month, to cope with social distancing and isolation, are you doing any of the following? Please select all that apply.
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Not being able to stop or control worrying
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Little interest or pleasure in doing things
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
Over the last 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem:
Thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself in some way
If this is how you feel, think about getting help. There are people who can help 24/7.

Text the Crisis Text Line at 741741 orCall the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.
If you know it, what is your blood group/blood type?
Are you currently pregnant?
Are you receiving prenatal care? 
How has your prenatal care changed since COVID-19? (If you became pregnant during COVID-19, compare to any prior pregnancies if relevant.) Select all that apply.
Please specify:
Are you covered by health insurance or some other kind of health care plan?
Are you covered by health insurance or some other kind of health care plan? Select all that apply.
Please specify:
To learn more about COVID-19: 
The following questions ask you to think about yourself and other people. Please respond to each question by using your own current beliefs and experiences, NOT what you think is true in general, or what might be true for other people. Please base your responses on how you've been feeling recently. Use the rating scale to find the number that best matches how you feel and select the radio button. There are no right or wrong answers: we are interested in what you think and feel. 
Reverse coding has already been applied for scoring purposes.
1.  These days, the people in my life would be better off if I were gone  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
2.  These days, the people in my life would be happier without me  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
3.  These days, I think I am a burden on society  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
4.  These days, I think my death would be a relief to the people in my life  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
5.  These days, I think the people in my life wish they could be rid of me  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
6.  These days, I think I make things worse for the people in my life  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
7.  These days, other people care about me  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
8.  These days, I feel like I belong  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
9. These days, I rarely interact with people who care about me  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
10. These days, I am fortunate to have many
caring and supportive friends
 (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
11. These days, I feel disconnected from other people  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
12. These days, I often feel like an outsider in social gatherings  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
13.  These days, I feel that there are people I can turn to in times of need   (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
14. These days, I am close to other people  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
15. These days, I have at least one satisfying interaction every day  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
Total Score
Record ID
Your Full Name
Today's Date
Date of Injury
1. What is the highest level of activity that you can perform without significant knee pain?
2. During the past 4 weeks, or since your injury, how often have you had pain?
3. If you have pain, how severe is it?
4. During the past 4 weeks, or since your injury, how stiff or swollen was your knee?
5. What is the highest level of activity you can perform without significant swelling in your knee?
6. During the past 4 weeks, or since your injury, did your knee lock or catch?
7. What is the highest level of activity you can perform without significant giving way in your knee?
8. What is the highest level of activity you can participate in on a regular basis?
a. Go up stairs
b. Go down stairs
c. Kneel on the front of your knee
d. Squat
e. Sit with your knee bent
f. Rise from a chair
g. Run staight ahead
h. Jump and land on your involved leg
i. Stop and start quickly
FUNCTION PRIOR TO YOUR KNEE INJURY:
CURRENT FUNCTION OF YOUR KNEE:
Adverse Event Term (v5.0)
Describe 'Other' Adverse Event
Adverse Event Grade
AE Start Date
Was patient hospitalized for toxicity?
Cycle #
To what is the AE attributed?
Other Attribution, Specify
AE Stop Date
MedDRA System Organ Class (SOC)
MedDRA AE Code (CTCAE v5.0)
AE Attribution
Reporting Period End Date
Were adverse events assessed during most recent period
Expected? (Yes/No)
Serious?
Event Onset Time
Course
AE Evaluation Period Start Date
Pre-existing AE?
AE Resolved Time
Is the adverse event ongoing?
Participant Status/Outcome
Adverse Event Condition Pattern
Did event reappear after study agent was reintroduced?
Comments
Why serious?
Other, specify
Dose-Limiting Toxicity?
Have you ever eaten nachos?
I use nachos to treat a medical condition (other than hunger).
What is the primary problem that nachos are treating?
What other condition?
When did you last eat nachos?
Have you traveled somewhere specifically to get nachos?
What is the farthest distance (in miles) you have traveled to get nachos?   A calculator to convert kilometers to miles is here.
Are you currently craving nachos?
How extreme is your current nacho craving?
What ingredients do you currently crave?
The cheesy goodness
The crunchy goodness
The beany goodness
The guacamole goodness
The jalapeno goodness
The meaty goodness
How have nachos changed your life?
Patient Name:
Today's Date:
Over the past month or so, how often have you had a sensation of not emptying your bladder completely after you finished urinating?
During the past month or so, how often have you had to urinate again less than two hours after you finished urinating?
During the past month or so, how often have you found you stopped and started again several times when you urinated?
During the past month or so, how often have you found it difficult to postpone urination?
During the past month or so, how often have you had a weak urinary stream?
During the past month or so, how often have you had to push or strain to begin urination?
Over the past month, how many times per night did you most typically get up to urinate from the time you went to bed at night until the time you got up in the morning?
Add the score for each number above and write the total in the space to the right
 
 SYMPTOM SCORE: 1-7 (Mild) 8-19 (Moderate) 20-35 (Severe)
How would you feel if you had to live with your urinary condition the way it is now, no better, no worse, for the rest of your life?
Child's name:
Child's birthdate month:
Child's birthdate day:
Child's birthdate year:
Today's date:
Child's age years:
Child's age months:
Relation to child:
What other relation to child:
Sex of child:
When told that it was time for bed or a nap, how often did your child   1. get irritable? 
2. pull back and avoid the person? 
3. cling to a parent?
4. tap or drum with fingers on tables or other objects? 
5. become uncomfortable when his/her socks were not aligned properly on his/her feet?
6. become distressed when his/her hands were dirty and/or sticky? 
7. notice low-pitched noises such as the air-conditioner, heater, or refrigerator running or starting up?
8. blink a lot? 
9. enjoy sitting quietly in the sunshine? 
10. look immediately when you pointed at something? 
11. choose to take chances for the fun and excitement of it?
12. seem to be one of the most active children?
13. push against you until put down?
14. snuggle up next to you?
15. get easily irritated?
16. seek out the company of the child? 
17. stop and think before deciding? 
18. decide what to do very quickly and go after it? 
19. touch an attractive item (such as an ornament) anyway?
20. enjoy just being quietly sung to? 
21. smile at the sound of words, as in nursery rhymes? 
22. enjoy just being talked to? 
23. enjoy rhythmic activities, such as rocking or swaying? 
24. want to be cuddled? 
25. show fear at a loud sound (blender, vacuum cleaner, etc.)?
26. seem afraid of the dark? 
27. sit quietly? 
28. change to feeling better within a few minutes? 
29. play for more than 10 minutes? 
30. continue to play while at the same time responding to your remarks or questions?
31. watch rather than join in? 
32. seem uncomfortable? 
33. move quickly from one place to another? 
34. notice the smoothness or roughness of objects s/he touched?
35. become sad or blue for no apparent reason? 
36. pay attention to you right away when you called to him/her?
37. seem to be disturbed by loud sounds? 
38. seem frightened for no apparent reason? 
39. seem to be irritated by tags in his/her clothes? 
40. return to a previous activity? 
41. have difficulty returning to the previous activity? 
42. get very excited? 
43. become very happy? 
44. swing or tap his/her foot? 
45. fiddle with his/her hair, clothing, etc.?
46. show repeated movements like squinting, hunching up  the shoulders, or twitching the facial muscles? 
47. like rough and rowdy games? 
48. enjoy playing boisterous games like 'chase'? 
49. enjoy vigorously jumping on the couch or bed? 
50. turn away? 
51. seem eager to get away?
52. sit on the sidelines and observe before joining in?  
53. get involved immediately? 
54. engage in an activity with the child? 
55. move quickly to another activity? 
56. tire of the activity relatively quickly? 
57. seem uneasy about approaching an elevator or escalator?
58. cry or show distress when approached by an unfamiliar animal?
59. seem afraid of large, noisy vehicles?
60. show fear when the caregiver stepped out of sight?
61. squirm and try to get away? 
62. stay still? 
63. stop the forbidden activity? 
64. become sadly tearful?
65. calm down quickly? 
66. have a hard time settling down? 
67. seem to feel down or blue? 
68. easily shift attention from one activity to another? 
69. become bothered by sounds while in noisy environments?
70. become bothered by scratchy materials like wool? 
71. notice changes in your appearance (such as wet hair, a hat, or jewelry)? 
72. appear to listen to even very quiet sounds? 
73. seem full of energy, even in the evening?
74. become irritated when his/her clothes were tight? 
75. run through the house? 
76. climb over furniture?
77. enjoy activities such as being spun, etc.? 
78. become easily distracted? 
79. play with a set of objects for 5 minutes or longer at a time?
80. tear materials close at hand? 
81. get very excited about getting it? 
82. remain pretty calm? 
83. become frustrated? 
84. protest with anger? 
85. have a temper tantrum? 
86. become sad? 
87. notice sights or sounds (for example, wind chimes or water sprinklers)?
88. go after it anyway? 
89. wait patiently? 
90. smile? 
91. become sad? 
92. seem to enjoy him/herself? 
93. mold to your body? 
94. look forward to it? 
95. become easily distracted? 
96. want to interact with the adult? 
97. stop an ongoing activity? 
98. be careful with something breakable? 
99. not want to enter? 
100. easily switch attention from speaker to speaker?
101. get mad? 
102. cry for more than 3 minutes, even when being comforted?
103. become easily soothed? 
104. find another activity to do when asked?
105. want to jump from heights? 
106. enjoy playing with a number of different people? 
107. become sad? 
1. I am getting on with the business of living no matter what my level of pain is.
2. My life is going well, even though I have chronic pain.
3. It's OK to experience pain.
4. I would gladly sacrifice important things in my life to control this pain better.
5. It's not necessary for me to control my pain in order to handle my life well.
6. Although things have changed, I am living a normal life despite my chronic pain.
7. I need to concentrate on getting ride of my pain.
8. There are many activities I do when I feel pain.
9. I lead a full life even though I have chronic pain.
10. Controlling my pain is less important than any other goals in my life.
11. My thoughts and feelings about pain must change before I can take important steps in my life.
12. Despite the pain, I am now sticking to a certain course in my life.
13. Keeping my pain level under control takes first priority whenever I'm doing something.
14. Before I can make any serious plans, I have to get some control over my pain.
15. When my pain increases, I can still take care of my responsibilities.
16. I will have better control over my life if I can control my negative thoughts about pain.
17. I avoid putting myself in situations where my pain might increase.
18. My worries and fears about what pain will do to me are true.
19. It's a great relief to realize that I don't have to change my pain to get on with life
20. I have to struggle to do things when I have pain
Activity engagement score
Pain willingness score
Total score
Lively
Happy
Sad
Tired
Caring
Content
Gloomy
Jittery
Drowsy
Grouchy
Peppy
Nervous
Calm
Loving
Fed Up
Active
Pleasant-Unpleasant Scale
Arousal-Calm Scale
Positive-Tired Scale
Negative-Relaxed Scale
Please Note: The "Overall, my mood is" section is usually omitted, although some people use it and fold it into the overall score.
Subject Identifier
Date
1. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you feel sexual desire or interest?
2. Over the past 4 weeks, how would you rate your level (degree) of sexual desire or interest?
3. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you feel sexually aroused ("turned on") during sexual activity or intercourse?
4. Over the past 4 weeks, how would you rate your level of sexual arousal ("turn on") during sexual activity or intercourse?
5. Over the past 4 weeks, how confident were you about becoming sexually aroused during sexual activity or intercourse?
6. Over the past 4 weeks, how often have you been satisfied with your arousal (excitement) during sexual activity or intercourse?
7. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you become lubricated ("wet") during sexual activity or intercourse?
8. Over the past 4 weeks, how difficult was it to become lubricated ("wet") during sexual activity or intercourse?
9. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you maintain your lubrication ("wetness") until completion of sexual activity or intercourse?
10. Over the past 4 weeks, how difficult was it to maintain your lubrication ("wetness") until completion of sexual activity or intercourse?
11. Over the past 4 weeks, when you had sexual stimulation or intercourse, how often did you reach orgasm (climax)?
12. Over the past 4 weeks, when you had sexual stimulation or intercourse, how difficult was it for you to reach orgasm (climax)?
13. Over the past 4 weeks, how satisfied were you with your ability to reach orgasm (climax) during sexual activity or intercourse?
14. Over the past 4 weeks, how satisfied have you been with the amount of emotional closeness during sexual activity between you and your partner?
15. Over the past 4 weeks, how satisfied have you been with your sexual relationship with your partner?
16. Over the past 4 weeks, how satisfied have you been with your overall sexual life?
17. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you experience discomfort or pain during vaginal penetration?
18. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you experience discomfort or pain following vaginal penetration?
19. Over the past 4 weeks, how would you rate you level (degree) of discomfort or pain during or following vaginal penetration?

Subject ID:
Note to Investigator/Provider Answers to multiple choice questions have been coded for scoring as outlined in: Jacobson, G.P. The Development of the Dizziness Handicap Inventory. Arch Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 1990;116:424-427.
First Name
Last Name
Date
Instructions: The purpose of this scale is to identify difficulties that you may be experiencing because of your dizziness or unsteadiness. Please indicate  answer by selecting Yes or No or Sometimes for each question. Answer each question as it pertains to your dizziness or unsteadiness problem only.
P1. Does looking up increase your problem?
E2.  Because of your problem, do you feel frustrated?
F3.  Because of your problem, do you restrict your travel for business or recreation?
P4.  Does walking down the aisle of a supermarket increase your problem?
F5.  Because of your problem, do you have difficulty getting into or out of bed?
F6.  Does your problem significantly restrict your participation in social activities such as going out to dinner, going to the movies, dancing, or to parties?
F7.  Because of your problem, do you have difficulty reading?
P8. Does performing more ambitious activities like sports, dancing, household chores such as sweeping or putting away dishes increase your problem?
E9.  Because of your problem, are you afraid to leave your home without having someone accompany you?
E10. Because of your problem, have you been embarrassed in front of others
P11. Do quick movements of your head increase your problem?
F12. Because of your problem, do you avoid heights?
P13. Does turning over in bed increase your problem?
F14. Because of your problem, is it difficult for you to do strenuous housework or yard work?
E15. Because of your problem, are you afraid people might think you are intoxicated?
F16. Because of your problem, is it difficult for you to go for a walk by yourself?
P17. Does walking down a sidewalk increase your problem?
E18. Because of your problem, is it difficult for you to concentrate?
F19. Because of your problem, is it difficult for you walk around the house in the dark?
E20. Because of your problem, are you afraid to stay home alone?
E21. Because of your problem, do you feel handicapped?
E22. Has your problem placed stress on your relationships with members of your family or friends?
E23. Because of your problem, are you depressed?
F24. Does your problem interfere with your job or household responsibilities?
P25. Does bending over increase your problem?
Select the option that best describes you.
Below is the scoring for each of the 3 categories assessed: (1) Physical Items; (2) Emotional Items; and (3) Functional Items.
Physical Items Score
Emotional Items Score
Functional Items Score
Total Dizziness Handicap Inventory Score
*These scales should NOT be used alone to make any diagnosis.   NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-TEACHER Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-TEACHER Informant
Today's Date
Child's Name
Date of Birth
Parent's Name
Parent's Phone Number
Is this evaluation based on a time when the child
1. Does not pay attention to details or makes careless mistakes with, for example, homework
2. Has difficulty keeping attention to what needs to be done
3. Does not seem to listen when spoken to directly
4. Does not follow through when given directions and fails to finish activities (not due to refusal or failure to understand)
5. Has difficulty organizing tasks and activities
6. Avoids, dislikes, or does not want to start tasks that require ongoing mental effort
7. Loses things necessary for tasks or activities (toys, assignments, pencils, or books)
8. Is easily distracted by noises or other stimuli
9. Is forgetful in daily activities
10. Fidgets with hands or feet or squirms in seat
11. Leaves seat when remaining seated is expected
12. Runs about or climbs too much when remaining seated is expected
13. Has difficulty playing or beginning quiet play activities
14. Is "on the go" or often acts as if "driven by a motor"
15. Talks too much
16. Blurts out answers before questions have been completed
17. Has difficulty waiting his or her turn
18. Interrupts or intrudes in on others' conversations and/or activities
19. Argues with adults
20. Loses temper
21. Actively defies or refuses to go along with adults' requests or rules
22. Deliberately annoys people
23. Blames others for his or her mistakes or misbehaviors
24. Is touchy or easily annoyed by others
25. Is angry or resentful
26. Is spiteful and wants to get even
27. Bullies, threatens, or intimidates others
28. Starts physical fights
29. Lies to get out of trouble or to avoid obligations (ie,"cons" others)
30. Is truant from school (skips school) without permission
31. Is physically cruel to people
32. Has stolen things that have value
33. Deliberately destroys others' property
34. Has used a weapon that can cause serious harm (bat, knife, brick, gun)
35. Is physically cruel to animals
36. Has deliberately set fires to cause damage
37. Has broken into someone else's home, business, or car
38. Has stayed out at night without permission
39. Has run away from home overnight
40. Has forced someone into sexual activity
41. Is fearful, anxious, or worried
42. Is afraid to try new things for fear of making mistakes
43. Feels worthless or inferior
44. Blames self for problems, feels guilty
45. Feels lonely, unwanted, or unloved; complains that "no one loves him or her"
46. Is sad, unhappy, or depressed
47. Is self-conscious or easily embarrassed
48. Overall school performance
49. Reading
50. Writing
51. Mathematics
52. Relationship with parents
53. Relationship with siblings
54. Relationship with peers
55. Participation in organized activities (eg, teams)
Explain/Comments:
Scoring Instructions for the NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scales
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 1-9:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 10-18:
Total Symptom Score for questions 1-18:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 19-26:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 27-40:
Total number of questions scored 4 or 5 in questions 48-55:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 41-47:
Average Performance Score:
Name
Age
Date
1) Usual Work
2) Usual Sport/Leisure activity?
3) Do you have shoulder pain at night?
4) Do you take pain killers such as paracetamol (acetaminophen), diclofenac, or ibuprofen?
5) Do you take strong pain killers such as codeine, tramadol, or morphine?
6) How many pills do you take on an average day?
7) Intensity of pain?
8) Is it difficult for you to put on a coat?
9) Is it difficult for you to sleep on the affected side?
10) Is it difficult for you to wash your back/do up bra?
11) Is it difficult for you manage toiletting?
12) Is it difficult for you to comb your hair?
13) Is it difficult for you to reach a high shelf?
14) Is it difficult for you to lift 10lbs. (4.5kg) above your shoulder?
15) Is it difficult for you to throw a ball overhand?
16) Is it difficult for you to do your usual work?
17) Is it difficult for you to do your usual sport/leisure activity?
The Total ASES score is:
Reference : American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons Standardized Shoulder Assessment Form, patient self-report section: reliability, validity, and responsiveness.Michener LA, McClure PW, Sennett BJ.J Shoulder Elbow Surg. 2002 Nov-Dec;11(6):587-94.
Patient ID
Date
Interview
Time Started
Time Completed
Total Time
Copyright 2007 by Vanderbilt University. All rights reserved. Please contact authors for permission to use.

Last Revised: January 19, 2005 (Answers Revised 3/05, format revised 3/07)

Description
The Diabetic Numeracy Test (DNT) is an assessment test designed to investigate the numeracy skills in patients with diabetes. Numeracy can be defined as the ability to understand and use numbers and math skills in daily life. Numeracy is particularly important to patients with diabetes because these patients apply math skills to diabetes self-management activities such as, glucose monitoring, carbohydrate counting, and adjustment of insulin. The questions in the DNT were formulated from directions given by health care practitioners to patients with diabetes during a routine clinic visit. In addition, question development was guided by reviewing validated math and literacy tests. Arriving at the answers will require not only the ability to perform a variety of math skills, such as addition, subtraction, and multiplication, but also the application of those skills in the daily setting.

Funding
The development and validation of this scale was funded with support from the American Diabetes Association (Novo Nordisk Clinical Research Award), the Pfizer Clear Health Communication Initiative, the Vanderbilt Diabetes Research and Training Center (NIDDK 5P60DK020593) and a NIDDK Career Development Award (NIDDK 5K23DK065294).

Test Administration
The DNT can be written or orally administered. It consists of 43 questions in five domains: nutrition, exercise, blood glucose monitoring, oral medications and insulin. In addition, the scale consists of eight math problem types: addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, fractions, multi-step mathematics, time, and numeration/counting/number hierarchy. The estimated time for administration of the test is 30 minutes.

General Guidelines
* Introduce yourself to the respondent.
* If the respondent wears glasses, please ask him or her to put them on. If the respondent wears contacts, remind him or her to wear them to the exam.
* Test the patients visual acuity using a Rosenbaum Pocket Vision Screener. Patients with corrected visual Acuity >20/50 should be excluded from test.
* Explain the purpose and time frame of the test.
* Hand the respondent a pencil, paper and calculator before starting the exam.
* Ask the respondent to write any calculations on the scrap sheet.
* Ask the respondent to write his or her final answers on the numeracy test in the spaces provided.
* Explain to the respondent that if he or she is to erase, erase completely without leaving smears or markings.
* Do not look at the answer choices while administering the exam.
* Remind respondents who wear hearing aids to bring them to the test.

For oral administration, the test administrator is to follow these directions:
* Read the questions out loud to the respondent
* Allow the patient to examine any figures associated with the question.
* Repeat the question if asked
* Give the respondent time to answer the question
* Only read what's printed in the question. Improvising or interpreting a question for a respondent can invalidate the test results and decrease test efficiency.
* Allow time for the respondent to calculate and record his or her answers
* After the respondent has answered a question, immediately proceed to the next item
* There is no time limit on a particular item.
* Remind respondents who wear hearing aids to bring them to the test.

For respondents who are having difficulty:
* Repeat any question when asked by the respondent. However, do not repeat the question more than three times.
* If the respondent is having difficulty, please encourage the respondent to continue. Appropriate comments are "you're doing fine." However, do not establish a pattern, such as saying "good" only after correct responses.
* If the respondent does not want to resume the test, please respond by saying, "I am not trying to embarrass, humiliate, or put your down in anyway. We can stop now, but I would like to pause to let you know that you are very important to this study, and the information you are providing could be used to help patients with diabetes. May I continue. . ."
* Record any information that you think is relevant or important about the respondent's behavior.

Domain / Question Number
Nutrition: 1-9
Exercise: 10-13
Blood Glucose Monitoring: 14-17
Oral Medications: 18-22
Insulin: 23-43

Math Problem Type / Question Number
Addition: 8
Subtraction: 2, 25
Multiplication: 3, 5, 16, 26, 27
Division: 11, 21, 28-31
Fractions/ Decimals: 4, 6, 7, 8
Multi-step mathematics: 9, 12, 13, 20, 35-43
Time: 10, 17, 22
Numeration/Counting/Hierarchy: 1, 14, 15, 18, 19, 23, 24, 32-34
For each question below, follow the directions and read the prompt. Please record your responses on the blank provided for each question.
1. According to the nutrition label, how many grams of total carbohydrate are in 1/2 cup?

Nutrition Facts
Serving Size 1/2 cup (114g)
Servings Per Container 4
Amount Per Serving
Calories 90&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspCalories from Fat 30
Total Fat 3g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSaturated Fat 0g
Cholesterol 0mg
Sodium 300mg
Total Carbohydrate 13g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspDietary Fiber 3g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSugars 3g
Protein 3g

1. ANSWER _________ grams.
Did patient answer #1 correctly?
2. What is the total amount of carbohydrate eaten if 1 cup of pasta and 1 cup of carrots are eaten together?

Pasta
Nutrition Facts
Serving Size 1 cup (228g)
Servings Per Container 2
Amount Per Serving
Calories 250&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspCalories from Fat 110
Total Fat 12g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSaturated Fat 3g
Cholesterol 30mg
Sodium 470mg
Total Carbohydrate 31g

Carrots
Nutrition Facts
Serving Size 1 cup (85g) (3 oz.)
Servings Per Container 2.5
Amount Per Serving
Calories 45&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspCalories from Fat 0
Total Fat 0g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSaturated Fat 0g
Cholesterol 0mg
Sodium 55mg
Total Carbohydrate 10g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspDietary Fiber 3g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSugars 5g
Protein 1g

2. ANSWER _________ total grams
Did patient answer #2 correctly?
3. If you ate the entire container of pasta, how many calories would you be eating?

3. ANSWER _________ calories
Did patient answer #3 correctly?
4. If you ate the entire bag of chips, how many total grams of carbohydrate would you eat?

Nutrition Facts
Serving Size 1 oz. (28g/About 10 chips)
Servings Per Container 3.5
Amount Per Serving
Calories 140&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspCalories from Fat 60
Total Fat 6g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSaturated Fat 0.5g
Cholesterol 0mg
Sodium 160mg
Total Carbohydrate 18g

4. ANSWER _________ total grams
Did patient answer #4 correctly?
5. 1 gram of carbohydrate elevates your blood sugar level 3 points. How much will 20 grams of carbohydrate elevate your blood sugar?

5. ANSWER _________ points
Did patient answer #5 correctly?
6. 1/2 cup of potatoes counts as 1 carbohydrate choice. How many choices does 2 cups of potatoes count as?

6. ANSWER _________ choices
Did patient answer #6 correctly?
7. You ate 1 and 1/2 cups from the food labeled below. How many grams of carbohydrate did you eat?

Nutrition Facts
Serving Size: 3/4 cup
Servings Per Container 10
Amount Per Serving
Calories 150 Calories
Total Fat 7g
Total Carbohydrates 18g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspDietary Fiber 3g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSugars 3g
Protein 3g

7. ANSWER _________ grams
Did patient answer #7 correctly?
8. Your dietitian recommends you eat 5 servings of fruits and vegetables each day. You already ate 1/2 cup of canned pineapples, 1 orange and 1 cup of uncooked vegetables. To have 5 servings of fruits and vegetables, how many cups of cooked vegetables should you eat?

Fruits
One serving equals:
1 orange, or
1 apple, or
1/2 cup of canned pineapples

Vegetables
One serving equals:
1 cup of uncooked vegetables, or
1/2 cup of cooked vegetables, or
3/4 cup of tomato juice

8. ANSWER _________ cups
Did patient answer #8 correctly?
9. You ate half the container of carrots. How many carbohydrates did you eat?

Carrots
Nutrition Facts
Serving Size 1 cup (85g) (3 oz)
Servings Per Container 2.5
Amount Per Serving
Calories 45&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspCalories from Fat 0
Total Fat 0g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSaturated Fat 0g
Cholesterol 0mg
Sodium 55mg
Total Carbohydrate 10g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspDietary Fiber 3g
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSugars 5g
Protein 1g

9. ANSWER________ carbohydrates
Did patient answer #9 correctly?
10. When you lift weights, you need to eat 20 grams of carbohydrate within 15 minutes after you finish. If you finish weight training at 2:00 PM, by when should you eat the carbohydrates?  10. ANSWER _________ PM
Did patient answer #10 correctly?
11. Each cracker has 2 grams of carbohydrate. How many crackers should you eat to get 20 grams?

11. ANSWER _________ crackers
Did patient answer #11 correctly?
12. Before working in the yard you are to decrease your meal insulin by half, if the meal and yard work are two hours or less apart. You usually take 8 units for lunch. If you eat lunch at 12:30 and are going to cut the grass at 2:00 PM, how much insulin should you take?

12. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #12 correctly?
13. You have to eat 6 grams of carbohydrate for each 30 minutes you plan to walk. You are planning to walk for one hour. You have a bag with 12 crackers. Each cracker contains 10 grams of carbohydrate. How many crackers do you need to eat before your walk?

13. ANSWER _________ Crackers
Did patient answer #13 correctly?
14. Your target blood sugar is between 60 and 120. Please choose the values below that are in the target range (choose all that apply):
Did patient answer #14 correctly?
15. The hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) test measures average blood sugar levels for the 2-3 month period before blood is drawn. A HbA1c of 6% is equal to an average blood sugar of about 120. If your average blood sugar in the past 3 months is 240, approximately what is your HbA1c?

HbA1c
13 --- 330
12 --- 300
11 --- 270
10 --- 240
9 --- 210
8 --- 180
7 --- 150
6 --- 120
5 --- 90
4 --- 60

15. _________%
Did patient answer #15 correctly?
16. You test your blood sugar 4 times a day. How many strips do you need to take with you on a 2-week vacation?

16. ANSWER _________ strips
Did patient answer #16 correctly?
17. You test your blood sugar 3 times a day. You purchase a prescription of 50 strips on March 5th. Of the dates below, by when will you need to buy new strips?
Did patient answer #17 correctly?
18. You have a prescription for repaglinide 1 mg pills. The label says, "Take 2 mg of repaglinide with breakfast, 1 mg with lunch and 3 mg with supper." How many pills should you take with supper?

18. ANSWER _________ pills
Did patient answer #18 correctly?
19. You have a prescription for metformin extended release 500 mg tablets. The label says, "Take 1 tablet with supper each night for the first week. Then, increase by 1 tablet each week for a total of 4 tablets daily with supper."

How many tablets should you take with supper each night the second week?

19. ANSWER _________ tablets
Did patient answer #19 correctly?
20. You have only a few pills left in your pill bottle. Your doctor's office needs 3 days to process a new prescription and your pharmacy needs 2 days to fill it. You take 2 pills a day. What is the least amount of pills that should be in your prescription bottle when you call for a renewal?

20. ANSWER _________ pills
Did patient answer #20 correctly?
21. For your diabetes, you take 1 pill two times per day. When you get your refill, the bottle has 60 pills. How many days supply do you have?

21. ANSWER _________ days
Did patient answer #21 correctly?
22. You fill your prescription on July 15th. You get a 90 day supply. You must mail in a renewal 10 days before your supply runs out. When do you need to mail in a renewal?
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspMonth:
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspDay:
22. ANSWER _________
Did patient answer #22 correctly?
23. You take 46 units of insulin at bedtime. On the syringe below, circle the line/marking that shows you have drawn 46 units.
Did patient answer #23 correctly?
24. Your insulin dose is increased to 54 units and you begin using a larger syringe that holds 100 units. On the syringe below, circle the line/marking that shows you have drawn 54 units.
Did patient answer #24 correctly?
25. You take 10 units of insulin lispro and 16 units of insulin glargine before breakfast. What is the total number of units of insulin you take before breakfast?

25. ANSWER _________ total units
Did patient answer #25 correctly?
26. The doctor tells you to take 2 units of insulin for every 1 serving of carbohydrate you eat. How many units of insulin do you take for 6 servings of carbohydrate?

26. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #26 correctly?
27. 1 unit of insulin lowered your blood sugar by 30 points. How much does 4 units of insulin lower your blood sugar?

27. ANSWER _________ points
Did patient answer #27 correctly?
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp28. When you eat 49 grams at Breakfast?

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp49 grams

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp28. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #28 correctly?
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp29. When you eat 60 grams at Lunch?

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp60 grams

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp29. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #29 correctly?
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp30. When you eat 98 grams at Supper?

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp98 grams

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp30. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #30 correctly?
31. You have been told to cut your insulin in half for a colon test. Your usual dose is 41 units. What amount should you take for the colon test?

31. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #31 correctly?
32. How much insulin would you take for a blood sugar of 191?

32. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #32 correctly?
33. How much insulin would you take for a blood sugar of 134?

33. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #33 correctly?
34. How much insulin would you take for a blood sugar of 295?

34. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #34 correctly?
35. Your blood sugar is 284 and you ate 40 grams of carbohydrate at breakfast. How much total insulin do you need to take?

284 mg/dl&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp||&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp40 grams

35. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #35 correctly?
36. Your blood sugar is 140 and you will eat 50 grams of carbohydrate at lunch. How much total insulin do you need to take?

140 mg/dl&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp||&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp50 grams

36. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #36 correctly?
37. Your blood sugar is 380 and you will eat 60 grams of carbohydrate at supper. How much total insulin do you need to take?

380 mg/dl&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp||&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp60 grams

37. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #37 correctly?
38. Morning of day 1, your blood sugar is 164. How much insulin will you take that night?

38. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #38 correctly?
39. Morning of day 2, your blood sugar is 136. How much insulin will you take that night?

39. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #39 correctly?
40. Morning of day 3, your blood sugar is 102. How much insulin will you take that night?

40. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #40 correctly?
41. Morning of day 4, your blood sugar is 140. How much insulin will you take that night?

41. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #41 correctly?
42. Morning of day 5, your blood sugar is 132. How much insulin will you take that night?

42. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #42 correctly?
43. After seeing the Doctor, you are given the following instruction to lower a high blood sugar level before a meal:

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp"Starting with a blood sugar of 120, take 1 unit of insulin lispro for each 50 points of blood sugar."

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspHow much insulin should you take for a blood sugar of 375?

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp43. ANSWER _________ units
Did patient answer #43 correctly?
1) 13 grams
2) 41 grams
3) 500 calories
4) 63 grams
5) 60 points
6) 4 choices
7) 36 grams
8) 1 cup
9) 12.5 grams
10) 2:00 - 2:15pm
11) 10 crackers
12) 4 units
13) 1-2 crackers
14) Circled 118 only
15) 10
16) 56
17) March 21
18) 3 pills
19) 2 tablets
20) 10 pills
21) 30 days
22) Accept Oct 3-6
23) See Question sheet
24) See Question sheet
25) 26 units
26) 12 units
27) 120 points
28) 7 units
29) 8 units
30) 14 units
31) 20 or 20.5 units
32) 1 unit
33) 0 units
34) 3 units
35) 10 units
36) 7 units
37) 12 units
38) 32 units
39) 34 units
40) 34 units
41) 34 units
42) 36 units
43) Accept 5-6 units
PART 1: JOB-RELATED PHYSICAL ACTIVITY  The first section is about your work. This includes paid jobs, farming, volunteer work, course work, and any other unpaid work that you did outside your home. Do not include unpaid work you might do around your home, like housework, yard work, general maintenance, and caring for your family. These are asked in Part 3.
1. Do you currently have a job or do any unpaid work outside your home?
The next questions are about all the physical activity you did in the last 7 days as part of your paid or unpaid work. This does not include traveling to and from work.
2. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do vigorous physical activities like heavy lifting, digging, heavy construction, or climbing up stairs as part of your work?  Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.
3. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing vigorous physical activities as part of your work?
hours per day
minutes per day
4. Again, think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate physical activities like carrying light loads as part of your work? Please do not include walking.
5. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities as part of your work?
hours per day
minutes per day
6. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you walk for at least 10 minutes at a time as part of your work? Please do not count any walking you did to travel to or from work.
7. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days walking as part of your work?
hours per day
minutes per day
8. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you travel in a motor vehicle like a train, bus, car or tram? 
9. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days traveling in a train, bus, car, tram, or other kind of motor vehicle?
hours per day
minutes per day
Now think only about the bicycling and walking you might have done to travel to and from work, to do errands, or to go from place to place.
10. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you bicycle for at least 10 minutes at a time to go from place to place?
11. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days to bicycle from place to place?
hours per day
minutes per day
12. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you walk for at least 10 minutes at a time to go from place to place?
13. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days walking  from place to place?
hours per day
minutes per day
14. Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do vigorous physical activities like heavy lifting, chopping wood, shoveling snow, or digging in the garden or yard?
15. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing vigorous physical activities in the garden or yard?
hours per day
minutes per day
16. Again, think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate activities like carrying light loads, sweeping, washing windows, and raking in the garden or yard?
17. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities in the garden or yard?
hours per day
minutes per day
18. Once again, think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate activities like carrying light loads, washing windows, scrubbing floors and sweeping inside your home?
19. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities inside your home?
hours per day
minutes per day
20. Not counting any walking you have already mentioned, during the last 7 days, on how many days did you walk for at least 10 minutes at a time in your leisure time?
21. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days walking in your leisure time?
hours per day
minutes per day
22. Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do vigorous physical activities like aerobics, running, fast bicycling, or fast swimming in your leisure time?
23. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing vigorous physical activities in your leisure time?
hours per day
minutes per day
24. Again, think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate physical activities like bicycling at a regular pace, swimming at a regular pace, and doubles tennis in your leisure time?
25. How much time did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities in your leisure time?
hours per day
minutes per day
26. During the last 7 days, how much time did you usually spend sitting on a weekday?
hours per day
minutes per day
27. During the last 7 days, how much time did you usually spend sitting on a weekend day?
hours per day
minutes per day
This is the end of the questionnaire, thank you for participating.
We are interested in knowing whether you are having any difficulty at all with the activities listed below because of your lower limb problem for which you are currently seeking attention. Please provide an answer for each activity.  Today, do you or would you have any difficulty at all with:
a. Any of your usual work, housework or school activities.
b. Your usual hobbies, recreational or sporting activities.
c. Getting into or out of the bath.
d. Walking between rooms.
e. Putting on your shoes or socks.
f. Squatting.
g. Lifting an object, like a bag of groceries from the floor.
h. Performing light activities around your home.
i. Performing heavy activities around your home.
j. Getting into or out of a car.
k. Walking 2 blocks.
l. Walking a mile.
m. Going up or down 10 stairs (about 1 flight of stairs).
n. Standing for 1 hour.
o. Sitting for 1 hour.
p. Running on even ground.
q. Running on uneven ground.
r. Making sharp turns while running fast.
s. Hopping.
t. Rolling over in bed.
Total for Column EXTREME DIFFICULTY OR UNABLE TO PERFORM ACTIVITY (0 pts for each activity chosen) = 0
Total for Column QUITE A BIT OF DIFFICULTY (1 pts for each activity chosen)
Total for Column MODERATE DIFFICULTY(2 pts for each activity chosen)
Total for Column A LITTLE BIT OF DIFFICULTY (3 pts for each activity chosen)
Total for Column NO DIFFICULTY (4 pts for each activity chosen)
Score: 
1. I can't think straight when in pain
2. During painful episodes it is difficult for me to think of anything besides the pain
3. When I hurt I think about pain constantly
4. I find it hard to concentrate when I hurt
5. I worry when I am in pain
6. I go immediately to bed when I feel severe pain
7. I will stop any activity as soon as I sense pain coming on
8. As soon as pain comes on I take medication to reduce it
9. I avoid important activities when I hurt
10. I try to avoid activities that cause pain
11. I think that if my pain gets too severe it will never decrease
12. When I feel pain I am afraid that something terrible will happen
13. When I feel pain I think I might be seriously ill
14. Pain sensations are terrifying
15. When pain comes on strong I think that I might become paralyzed or more disabled
16. I begin trembling when engaged in activity that increases pain
17. Pain seems to cause my heart to pound or race
18. When I sense pain I feel dizzy or faint
19. Pain makes me nauseous
20. I find it difficult to calm my body down after periods of pain
1. How many full school days of school were missed in the last 3 months due to headaches?
2. How many partial days of school were missed in the last 3 months due to headaches (do not include full days counted in the first question)?
3. How many days in the last 3 months did you function at less than half your ability in school because of a headache (do not include days counted in the first two questions)?
4. How many days were you not able to do things at home (i.e., chores, homework, etc.) due to a headache?
5. How many days did you not participate in other activities due to headaches (i.e., play, go out, sports, etc.)?
6. How many days did you participate in these activities, but functioned at less than half your ability (do not include days counted in the 5th question)?
Total PedMIDAS Score
Headache Frequency
Headache Severity
I tend to bounce back quickly after hard times.
I have a hard time making it through stressful events.
It does not take me long to recover from a stressful event.
It is hard for me to snap back when something bad happens.
I usually come through difficult times with little trouble.
I tend to take a long time to get over set-backs in my life.
Number of Questions Completed
Score
1.  Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge  
2.  Not being able to stop or control worrying  
3.  Worrying too much about different things  
4.  Trouble relaxing  
5.  Being so restless that it's hard to sit still  
6.  Becoming easily annoyed or irritable  
7.  Feeling afraid as if something awful might happen  
If you checked off any problems, how difficult have these made it for you to do your work, take care of things at home, or get along with other people? 
Subject Initials:
Date:
Visit:
1. Have you been deliberately trying to limit the amount of food you eat to influence your shape or weight? 
2. Have you gone for long periods of time (8 hours or more) without eating anything in order to influence your shape or weight?
3. Have your tried to avoid eating any foods which you like in order to influence your shape or weight? 
4. Have you tried to follow definite rules regarding your eating in order to influence your shape or weight; for example, a calorie limit, a set amount of food, or rules about what or when you should eat?
5. Have you wanted your stomach to be empty?
6. Has thinking about food and its calorie content made it much more difficult to concentrate on things you are interested in; for example, read, watch TV, or follow a conversation?

7. Have you been afraid of losing control over eating?
8. Have you had episodes of binge eating?
9. Have you eaten in secret? (Do not count binges)
10. Have you definitely wanted your stomach to be flat?
11. Has thinking about shape or weight made it more difficult to concentrate on things you are interested in; for example read, watch TV or follow a conversation?
12. Have you had a definite fear that you might gain weight or become fat?
13. Have you felt fat?
14. Have you had a strong desire to lose weight?
15. OVER THE PAST FOUR WEEKS (28 DAYS)  On what proportion of times that you have eaten have you felt guilty because the effect on your shape or weight? (Do not count binges). 
16. Over the past four weeks (28days)  Have there been any times when you have felt that you have eaten what other people would regard as an unusually large amount of food given the circumstances? 
17. How many such episodes have you had over the past four weeks?
18. During how many of these episodes of overeating did you have a sense of having lost control over your eating?                                     
19. Have you had other episodes of eating in which you have had a sense of having lost control and eaten too much, but have not eaten an unusually large amount of food given the circumstances? 
20. How many of such episodes have you had over the past four weeks?
21. Over the past four weeks have you made yourself sick (vomit) as a means of controlling your shape or weight?
22. How many times have you done this over the past four weeks?
23. Have you taken laxatives as a means of controlling your shape or weight? 
24. How many times have you done this over the past four weeks? 
25. Have you taken diuretics (water tablets) as a means of controlling your shape or weight? 
26. How many times have you done this over the past four weeks?
27. Have you exercised hard as a means of controlling your shape or weight? 
28. How many times have you done this over the past four weeks?
29. Has your weight influenced how you think (judge) yourself as a person? 
30. Has your shape influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person? 
31. How much would it upset you if you had to weigh yourself once a week for the next four weeks? 
32. How dissatisfied have you felt about your weight?
33. How dissatisfied have you felt about your shape?
34. How concerned have you been about other people seeing you eat? 
35. How uncomfortable have you felt seeing your body; for example, in the mirror, in shop window reflections, while undressing or taking a bath or shower? 
36. How uncomfortable have you felt about others seeing your body; for example, in communal changing rooms, when swimming or wearing tight clothes? 
How do symptoms or conditions related to the following usually affect your:
1. ability to do household chores (cooking, housecleaning, laundry)?
Bladder or urine
Bowel or rectum
Vagina or Pelvis
2. ability to do physical activities such as walking, swimming or other exercise?
Bladder or urine
Bowel or rectum
Vagina or Pelvis
3. entertainment activities such as going to a movie or concert?
Bladder or urine
Bowel or rectum
Vagina or Pelvis
4. ability to travel by car or bus for a distance greater than 30 minutes away from home
Bladder or urine
Bowel or rectum
Vagina or Pelvis
5. participating in social activities outside your home?
Bladder or urine
Bowel or rectum
Vagina or Pelvis
6. emotional health (nervousness, depression, etc.)?
Bladder or urine
Bowel or rectum
Vagina or Pelvis
7. feeling frustrated?
Bladder or urine
Bowel or rectum
Vagina or Pelvis
Specimen Tissue Site
Specimen Tissue Type
Sample Collection Date
Procedure
Fixative
Surgeon Name
1. Have you felt in low spirits or sad?
10a. Have you suffered from reduced appetite?
10b. Have you suffered from increased appetite?
2. Have you lost interest in your daily activities?
3. Have you felt lacking in energy and strength?
4. Have you felt less self-confident?
5. Have you had a bad conscience or feelings of guilt?
6. Have you felt that life wasn't worth living?
7. Have you had difficulty in concentrating, e.g. when reading the newspaper or watching television?
8a. Have you felt very restless?
8b. Have you felt subdued?
9. Have you had trouble sleeping at night?
1. How soon after you wake up do you smoke your first cigarette?
2. Do you find it difficult to refrain from smoking in places where it is forbidden (e.g., in church, at the library, in cinema, etc)?
3. Which cigarette would you hate most to give up?
4. How many cigarettes per day do you smoke?
5. Do you smoke more during the first hours after waking than during the rest of the day?
6. Do you smoke even when you are ill enough to be in bed most of the day?
Now add up your points.  How did you score?  A score of 5 or more indicates a significant dependence, while a score of 4 or less shows a low to moderate dependence.
Sample Collection Date
Lab Test
Lab Test Unit of Measure UCUM Codes
Lab Value
Lab Value
Was lab specimen collected?
Time
Abnormal Flag
Performing Laboratory Name
Specimen Accession #
Lab Specimen Condition Type
Reference Range Lower Limit Numeric Value
Reference Range Upper Limit Numeric Value
Comments
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
Patient first name
Patient last name
Date of birth
Reporting jurisdiction
Reporting health department
Contact ID

Only complete if case-patient is a known contact of prior source case-patient. Assign Contact ID using CDC 2019-nCoV ID and sequential contact ID, e.g., Confirmed case CA102034567 has contacts CA102034567-01 and CA102034567-02
Case state/local ID
CDC 2019-nCoV ID
NNDSS loc. rec. ID/Case ID

For NNDSS reporters, use GenV2 or NETSS patient identifier
Last name of interviewer
First name of interviewer
Affiliation/Organization
Telephone number
Email
What is the current status of this person?
Report date of PUI to CDC
Report date of case to CDC 
County of residence
State of residence
Sex
Ethnicity
Asian
American Indian/ Alaska Native
Black
Native Hawaiian/ Other Pacific Islander
White
Unknown
Other
Other specified race
Date of birth
Age

Please give age in either:
-years (most common)
-months
-days

You will pick the age unit in the next question.
Age units

The number you gave above was in what units?
Date of first positive specimen collection 
Mark if date unknown
Mark if date not applicable
Did the patient develop pneumonia?
Did the patient have acute respiratory distress syndrome?
Did the patient have another diagnosis/etiology for their illness?
Did the patient have an abnormal chest x-ray?
Symptoms present during the course of illness
If symptomatic, onset date
Unknown (onset date)
If symptomatic, date of symptom resolution
If symptomatic, state of resolution
Was the patient hospitalized?
If yes, admission date 1
If yes, discharge date 1
Was the patient admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU)?
Did the patient receive mechanical ventilation (MV)/intubation?
If yes, total days with MV (days)
Did the patient receive extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO)?
Did the patient die as a result of this illness?
Date of Death 
Date of Death Unknown
Is the patient a health care worker in the United States?
Does the patient have a history of being in a healthcare facility (as a patient, worker or visitor) in China?
Travel to Wuhan
Travel to Hubei
Travel to mainland China
Travel to other non-US country
Household contact with another lab-confirmed COVID-19 case-patient
Community contact with another lab-confirmed COVID-19 case-patient
Any healthcare contact with another lab-confirmed COVID-19 case-patient
Healthcare contact with another lab-confirmed COVID-19 case-patient -- patient
Healthcare contact with another lab-confirmed COVID-19 case-patient -- visitor
Healthcare contact with another lab-confirmed COVID-19 case-patient -- healthcare worker
Animal exposure
Exposure to a cluster of patients with severe acute lower respiratory distress of unknown etiology
Other
If travel to other non-US country, specify
If other, specify
Unknown
If the patient had contact with another COVID-19 case, was this person a U.S. case?
If yes, specify nCoV ID of source case
Clinical evaluation leading to PUI determination
Contact tracing of case patient
Routine surveillance
EpiX notification of travelers
If checked, DGMQID
Unknown
Other
If other, specify
Collected from (check all that apply):
Patient interview
Medical record review
Fever >100.4F (38C)
Subjective fever (felt feverish)
Chills
Muscle aches (myalgia)
Runny nose (rhinorrhea)
Sore throat
Cough (new onset or worsening of chronic cough)
Shortness of breath (dyspnea)
Nausea or Vomiting
Headache
Abdominal pain
Diarrhea (>3 loose/looser than normal stools/24hr period)
Other symptoms - 1
Other symptoms - 1, specify:
Other symptoms - 2
Other symptoms - 2, specify:
Other symptoms - 3
Other symptoms - 3, specify:
Pre-existing medical conditions?
Chronic Lung Disease (asthma/emphysema/COPD)
Diabetes Mellitus
Cardiovascular disease
Chronic renal disease
Liver disease
Immunocompromised condition
Neurologic/ neurodevelopmental/ intellectual disability
Other chronic diseases
If female, currently pregnant
Current smoker
Former smoker
Specify neurologic/neurodevelopment/intellectual disability
Specify other chronic disease
Influenza A Rapid Ag
Influenza B Rapid Ag
Influenza A PCR
Influenza B PCR
RSV
H. metapneumovirus
Parainfluenza (1-4)
Adenovirus
Rhinovirus/enterovirus
Coronavirus (OC43, 229E, HKU1, NL63)
M. pneumoniae
C. pneumoniae
Other positive pathogens
Specify other positive pathogens
NP Swab: Local Specimen ID - 1
NP Swab: Collection date - 1
NP Swab: State Lab Tested - 1 
NP Swab: State Result - 1
NP Swab: Sent to CDC - 1
NP Swab: CDC Result - 1
NP Swab: Local Specimen ID - 2
NP Swab: Collection date - 2
NP Swab: State Lab Tested - 2 
NP Swab: State Result - 2
NP Swab: Sent to CDC - 2
NP Swab: CDC Result - 2
NP Swab: Local Specimen ID - 3
NP Swab: Collection date - 3
NP Swab: State Lab Tested - 3 
NP Swab: State Result - 3
NP Swab: Sent to CDC - 3
NP Swab: CDC Result - 3
OP Swab: Local Specimen ID - 1
OP Swab: Collection date - 1
OP Swab: State Lab Tested - 1 
OP Swab: State Result - 1
OP Swab: Sent to CDC - 1
OP Swab: CDC Result - 1
OP Swab: Local Specimen ID - 2
OP Swab: Collection date - 2
OP Swab: State Lab Tested - 2 
OP Swab: State Result - 2
OP Swab: Sent to CDC - 2
OP Swab: CDC Result - 2
OP Swab: Local Specimen ID - 3
OP Swab: Collection date - 3
OP Swab: State Lab Tested - 3 
OP Swab: State Result - 3
OP Swab: Sent to CDC - 3
OP Swab: CDC Result - 3
Sputum: Local Specimen ID - 1
Sputum: Collection date - 1
Sputum: State Lab Tested - 1 
Sputum: State Result - 1
Sputum: Sent to CDC - 1
Sputum: CDC Result - 1
Sputum: Local Specimen ID - 2
Sputum: Collection date - 2
Sputum: State Lab Tested - 2 
Sputum: State Result - 2
Sputum: Sent to CDC - 2
Sputum: CDC Result - 2
Sputum: Local Specimen ID - 3
Sputum: Collection date - 3
Sputum: State Lab Tested - 3 
Sputum: State Result - 3
Sputum: Sent to CDC - 3
Sputum: CDC Result - 3
Other specimen type - 1
Other: Local Specimen ID - 1
Other: Collection date - 1
Other: State Lab Tested - 1 
Other: State Result - 1
Other: Sent to CDC - 1
Other: CDC Result - 1
Other specimen type - 2
Other: Local Specimen ID - 2
Other: Collection date - 2
Other: State Lab Tested - 2 
Other: State Result - 2
Other: Sent to CDC - 2
Other: CDC Result - 2
Other specimen type - 3
Other: Local Specimen ID - 3
Other: Collection date - 3
Other: State Lab Tested - 3 
Other: State Result - 3
Other: Sent to CDC - 3
Other: CDC Result - 3
Additional State/local Specimen IDs
Any additional comments/notes?
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
1. How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
2. How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
3. How often do you have six or more drinks on one occasion?
4. How often during the last year have you found that you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
5. How often during the last year have you failed to do what was normally expected of you because of drinking?
6. How often during the last year have you needed a first drink in the morning to get yourself going after a heavy drinking session?
7. How often during the last year have you had a feeling of guilt or remorse after drinking?
8. How often during the last year have you been unable to remember what happened the night before because you had been drinking?
9. Have you or someone else been injured as a result of your drinking?
10. Has a relative or friend, doctor or other health worker been concerned about your drinking or suggested you cut down?
Scoring the audit
NOTES ON SCORING FOR RESEARCHERS (remove note for actual data collection)  SOME ITEMS ARE REVERSE CODED ALREADY. The first 18 items listed below comprise the attachment-related anxiety scale.  Items 19 - 36 comprise the attachment-related avoidance scale.  In real research, the order in which these items are presented should be randomized.  Each item is rated on a 7-point scale where 1 = strongly disagree and 7 = strongly agree.  To obtain a score for attachment-related anxiety, please average a person's responses to items 1 - 18.  However,  items 9 and 11 are "reverse keyed" (i.e., high numbers represent low anxiety rather than high anxiety),  To obtain a score for attachment-related avoidance, please average a person's responses to items 19 - 36.  Items 20, 22, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, and 36 are reverse keyed.
The statements below concern how you feel in emotionally intimate relationships. We are interested in how you generally experience relationships, not just in what is happening in a current relationship. Respond to each statement by checking the circle to indicate how much you agree or disagree with the statement.
  1. I'm afraid that I will lose my partner's love.  
  2. I often worry that my partner will not want to stay with me.  
  3. I often worry that my partner doesn't really love me.  
  4. I worry that romantic partners won't care about me as much as I care about them.  
  5. I often wish that my partner's feelings for me were as strong as my feelings for him or her.  
  6. I worry a lot about my relationships.  
  7. When my partner is out of sight, I worry that he or she might become interested in someone else.  
  8. When I show my feelings for romantic partners, I'm afraid they will not feel the same about me.  
  9. I rarely worry about my partner leaving me.  
  10. My romantic partner makes me doubt myself.  
  11. I do not often worry about being abandoned.  
  12. I find that my partner(s) don't want to get as close as I would like.  
  13. Sometimes romantic partners change their feelings about me for no apparent reason.  
  14. My desire to be very close sometimes scares people away.  
  15. I'm afraid that once a romantic partner gets to know me, he or she won't like who I really am.  
  16. It makes me mad that I don't get the affection and support I need from my partner.  
  17. I worry that I won't measure up to other people.  
  18. My partner only seems to notice me when I'm angry.  
  19. I prefer not to show a partner how I feel deep down.  
  20. I feel comfortable sharing my private thoughts and feelings with my partner.  
  21. I find it difficult to allow myself to depend on romantic partners.  
  22. I am very comfortable being close to romantic partners.  
  23. I don't feel comfortable opening up to romantic partners.  
  24. I prefer not to be too close to romantic partners.  
  25. I get uncomfortable when a romantic partner wants to be very close.  
  26. I find it relatively easy to get close to my partner.  
  27. It's not difficult for me to get close to my partner.  
  28. I usually discuss my problems and concerns with my partner.  
  29. It helps to turn to my romantic partner in times of need.  
  30. I tell my partner just about everything.  
  31. I talk things over with my partner.  
  32. I am nervous when partners get too close to me.  
  33. I feel comfortable depending on romantic partners.  
  34. I find it easy to depend on romantic partners.  
  35. It's easy for me to be affectionate with my partner.  
  36. My partner really understands me and my needs.  
Patient name
Date
1. If I do not have enough time to do everything, I do not worry about it
2. My worries overwhelm me.
3. I do not tend to worry about things.
4. Many situations make me worry.
5. I know I should not worry about things, but I just cannot help it.
6. When I am under pressure I worry a lot.
7. I am always worrying about something.
8. I find it easy to dismiss worrisome thoughts.
9. As soon as I finish one task, I start to worry about everything else I have to do.
10. I never worry about anything.
11. When there is nothing more I can do about a concern, I do not worry about it any more.
12. I have been a worrier all my life.
13. I notice that I have been worrying about things.
14. Once I start worrying, I cannot stop.
15. I worry all the time.
16. I worry about projects until they are all done.
Citation: Meyer TJ, Miller ML, Metzger RL, Borkovec TD: Development and
 Validation of the Penn State Worry Questionnaire. Behaviour Research
 and Therapy 28:487-495,1990
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Binet Stage
Rai Stage Classification
CML Phase
Staging Time Point
Enter the name of your doctor here:
Core 1. Did you get care from the doctor named above in the last 12 months?
Core 2. Is this the doctor you usually see if you need a check-up, want advice about a health problem, or get sick or hurt?
DR1. Specialists are doctors like surgeons, heart doctors, allergy doctors, skin doctors, and other doctors who specialize in one area of health care. Is this doctor a specialist?
Core 3. How long have you been going to this doctor?
Core 4. In the last 12 months, how many times did you visit this doctor to get care for yourself?
Core 5. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office to get an appointment for an illness, injury or condition that needed care right away?
Core 6. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office to get an appointment for care you needed right away, how often did you get an appointment as soon as you thought you needed?
WU1. In the last 12 months, when you contacted this doctor's office to get an appointment for care you needed right away, how long did you usually have to wait between trying to get an appointment and actually seeing someone?
Core 7. In the last 12 months, did you make any appointments for a check-up or routine care with this doctor?
Core 8. In the last 12 months, when you made an appointment for a check-up or routine care with this doctor, how often did you get an appointment as soon as you thought you needed?
Core 9. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office with a medical question during regular office hours?
Core 10. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office during regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question that same day?
Core 11. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office with a medical question after regular office hours?
Core 12. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office after regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question as soon as you needed?
AE1. In the last 12 months, did you e-mail this doctor's office with a medical question?
AE2. In the last 12 months, when you e-mailed this doctor's office, how often did you get an answer to your medical question as soon as you needed?
Core 13. Wait time includes time spent in the waiting room and exam room. In the last 12 months, how often did you see this doctor within 15 minutes of your appointment time?
KI1. In the last 12 months, after you checked in for your appointment at this doctor's office, were you ever kept informed about how long you would need to wait for your appointment to start?
Core 14. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor explain things in a way that was easy to understand?
HL1. In the last 12 months, how often were the explanations this doctor gave you hard to understand because of an accent or the way the doctor spoke English?
HL2. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor use medical words you did not understand?
HL3. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor talk too fast when talking with you?
HL4. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor use pictures, drawings, or models to explain things to you?
a) What was wrong with you?
b) The reason for treatment?
c) What a medicine was for?
d) How to take a medicine?
e) Results of a blood test, x-ray or other test?
f) What to do if a condition got worse or came back?
g) Something else?
Please specify
Core 15. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor listen carefully to you?
HL5. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor ignore what you told him or her?
HL6. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor interrupt you when you were talking?
HL7. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor show interest in your questions and concerns?
HL8. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor answer all your questions to your satisfaction?
HL9. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you all the information you wanted about your health?
HL10. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor encourage you to talk about all your health problems or concerns?
Core 16. In the last 12 months, did you talk with this doctor about any health problems or concerns?
HPC1. Did this doctor help you with these problems or concerns?
Core 17. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about taking care of these health problems or concerns?
HI1. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about specific things you could do to prevent illness?
HP1. In the last 12 months, did you need this doctor's help in making changes to prevent illness?
HP2. In the last 12 months, did this doctor give you the help you needed to make changes to prevent illness?
HP3. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about a healthy diet and healthy eating habits?
HP4. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about the exercise or physical activity you get?
HP5. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about things in your life that worry you or cause you stress?
HP6. In the last 12 months, did this doctor ever ask you whether there was a period of time when you felt sad, empty or depressed?
Core 18. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor seem to know the important information about your medical history?
HL11. In the last 12 months, did you see this doctor for a specific illness or for any health condition?
HL12. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about what to do to take care of this illness or health condition?
HL13. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor ask you to describe how you were going to follow these instructions?
HL14. Sometimes doctors give instructions that are hard to follow. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor ask you whether you would have any problems doing what you need to do to take care of this illness or health condition?
HL15. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor explain what to do if this illness or health condition got worse or came back?
Core 19. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor show respect for what you had to say?
HL16. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor use a condescending, sarcastic, or rude tone or manner with you?
Core 20. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor spend enough time with you?
HL17. In the last 12 months, how often did you feel this doctor really cared about you as a person?
HL18. In the last 12 months, did this doctor prescribe any new medicines or change how much medicine you should take?
HL19. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about how to take your medicines?
HL20. In the last 12 months, did this doctor explain the possible side effects of your medicines?
HL21. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor explain the possible side effects of your medicines in a way that was easy to understand?
HL22. In the last 12 months, other than a prescription, did this doctor give you written information or write down information about how to take your medicines?
HL23. In the last 12 months, how often was the written information you were given easy to understand?
HL24. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor suggest ways to help you remember to take your medicines?
COC1. In the last 12 months, did you take any prescription medicine?
COC2. In the last 12 months, were you ever worried or concerned about the cost of your prescription medicine?
COC3. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about the cost of your prescription medicine?
PK1. In the last 12 months, did this doctor suggest you see a specialist for a particular health problem?
PK2. In the last 12 months, how often did the doctor named in Question 1 seem informed and up-to-date about the care you got from specialists?
DT1. In the last 12 months did this doctor ever examine you?
DT2. In the last 12 months, how often was this doctor as thorough as you thought you needed?
SD1. Choices for your treatment or health care can include choices about medicine, surgery, or other treatment. In the last 12 months, did this doctor tell you there was more than one choice for your treatment or health care?
SD2. In the last 12 months, did this doctor talk with you about the pros and cons of each choice for your treatment or health care?
SD3. In the last 12 months, when there was more than one choice for your treatment or health care, did this doctor ask which choice you thought was best for you?
a) Listen to your reasons for the visit?
b) Show concern for your physical comfort?
c) Describe his or her physical findings?
d) Explain the reason for any additional tests?
e) Describe the next steps for your care or treatment
a) Tests?
b) Choices for your care?
c) Treatment?
d) Plan for your care?
e) Medications?
f) Follow-up care?
Core 21. In the last 12 months, did this doctor order a blood test, x-ray or other test for you?
Core 22. In the last 12 months, when this doctor ordered a blood test, x-ray or other test for you, how often did someone from this doctor's office follow up to give you those results?
HL25. In the last 12 months, how often were the results of your blood test, x-ray or other test easy to understand?
COC4. In the last 12 months, were you ever worried or concerned about the cost of your blood tests, x-rays or other tests?
COC5. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about the cost of your blood tests, x-rays or other tests?
Core 23. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst doctor possible and 10 is the best doctor possible, what number would you use to rate this doctor?
HL26. In the last 12 months, did you have to fill out or sign any forms at this doctor's office?
HL27. In the last 12 months, how often did someone explain the purpose of a form before you signed it?
HL28. In the last 12 months, how often were you offered help in filling out a form at this doctor's office?
HL29. In the last 12 months, how often were the forms that you got at this doctor's office easy to fill out?
RC1. Would you recommend this doctor to your family and friends?
RC2. Please tell us how this doctor's office could have improved the care and services you received in the last 12 months.
Core 24. In the last 12 months, how often were clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office as helpful as you thought they should be?
Core 25. In the last 12 months, how often did clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office treat you with courtesy and respect?
OD1. Sometimes when you go to this doctor's office, you might get care from another provider - for example, another doctor in the practice, a nurse, a nurse practitioner or a physician assistant.  In the last 12 months, were any of your appointments at this doctor's office with another doctor or other provider? 
OD2. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers explain things in a way that was easy to understand?
OD3. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers listen carefully to you?
OD4. In the last 12 months, did you talk with the other doctors or providers about any health problems or concerns?
OD5. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers give you easy to understand instructions about what to do to take care of these health problems or concerns?
OD6. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers show respect for what you had to say?
OD7. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers spend enough time with you?
OD8. In the last 12 months, how often did you feel that the other doctors or providers had all the information they needed to provide your care?
OD9. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst care possible and 10 is the best care possible, what number would you use to rate all your health care from the other doctors or providers you visited at this doctor's office in the last 12 months?
SC1. In the last 12 months, did you try to make any appointments to see a specialist?
SC2. In the last 12 months, how often was it easy to get appointments with specialists?
SC3. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about the cost of seeing a specialist?
SC4. In the last 12 months, were you ever worried or concerned about the cost of seeing a specialist?
SC5. How many specialists have you seen in the last 12 months?
SC6. In the last 12 months, how often did the specialists you saw seem to know the important information about your medical history?
SC7. We want to know your rating of the specialist you saw most often in the last 12 months. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst specialist possible and 10 is the best specialist possible, what number would you use to rate that specialist?
SC8. Was the specialist you saw most often in the last 12 months the doctor named in Question 1?
RV1. During your most recent visit with this doctor, were you kept informed about how long you would need to wait for your appointment to start?
RV2. Wait time includes time spent in the waiting room and exam room. During your most recent visit with this doctor, did you see this doctor within 15 minutes of your appointment time?
RV3. During your most recent visit, did this doctor explain things in a way that was easy to understand?
RV4. During your most recent visit, did you talk with this doctor about any health problems or concerns?
RV5. During your most recent visit, did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about what to do to take care of these health problems or concerns?
RV6. During your most recent visit, did this doctor seem to know the important information about your medical history?
RV7. During your most recent visit, did this doctor show concern about your health and how you were feeling?
RV8. During your most recent visit, did this doctor spend enough time with you?
RV9. During your most recent visit, did clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office treat you with courtesy and respect?
RV10. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst medical care possible and 10 is the best medical care possible, what number would you use to rate the medical care you received during your most recent visit with this doctor?
RV11. Please tell us how this doctor's office could have improved the care and services you received at your most recent visit.
Core 26. In general, how would you rate your overall health?
Core 27. A health provider is a doctor, nurse or anyone else you would see for health care. In the past 12 months, have you seen a doctor or other health provider 3 or more times for the same condition or problem?
Core 28. Is this a condition or problem that has lasted for at least 3 months? Do not include pregnancy or menopause.
Core 29. Do you now need or take medicine prescribed by a doctor? Do not include birth control.
Core 30. Is this medicine to treat a condition that has lasted for at least 3 months? Do not include pregnancy or menopause.
Core 31. What is your age?
Core 32. Are you male or female?
Core 33. What is the highest grade or level of school that you have completed?
Core 34. Are you of Hispanic or Latino origin or descent?
Core 35. What is your race? Please mark one or more.
Core 36. Did someone help you complete this survey?
Core 37. How did that person help you? Mark all that apply.
How did that person help?
Thank you!
We are interested in knowing whether you are having any difficulty at all with the activities listed below because of your lower limb problem for which you are currently seeking attention. Please provide an answer for each activity.  Today, do you or would you have any difficulty at all with:
a. Any of your usual work, housework or school activities.
b. Your usual hobbies, recreational or sporting activities.
c. Getting into or out of the bath.
d. Walking between rooms.
e. Putting on your shoes or socks.
f. Squatting.
g. Lifting an object, like a bag of groceries from the floor.
h. Performing light activities around your home.
i. Performing heavy activities around your home.
j. Getting into or out of a car.
k. Walking 2 blocks.
l. Walking a mile.
m. Going up or down 10 stairs (about 1 flight of stairs).
n. Standing for 1 hour.
o. Sitting for 1 hour.
p. Running on even ground.
q. Running on uneven ground.
r. Making sharp turns while running fast.
s. Hopping.
t. Rolling over in bed.
Total for Column EXTREME DIFFICULTY OR UNABLE TO PERFORM ACTIVITY (0 pts for each activity chosen) = 0
Total for Column QUITE A BIT OF DIFFICULTY (1 pt for each activity chosen)
Total for Column MODERATE DIFFICULTY (2 pts for each activity chosen)
Total for Column A LITTLE BIT OF DIFFICULTY (3 pts for each activity chosen)
Total for Column NO DIFFICULTY (4 pts for each activity chosen)
Score: 
Temperature - rectal (degrees)
Celsius or Fahrenheit?
Degrees Celsius
Temperature Score  Temperatures are in Degrees Celsius
Mean Arterial Pressure - mm Hg
Mean Arterial Pressure Score
Heart Rate (ventricular response)
Heart Rate Score
Respiratory Rate (non-ventilated or ventilated)
Respiratory Rate Score
Oxygenation: FIO2 level
FIO2 >=0.5 record A-aDO2 mm Hg
A-aDO2 Score
FIO2 < 0.5 record PaO2 (mm Hg)
PaO2 Score
Arterial pH (preferred) or  Serum HCO3 (venous mEq/l)  (not preferred, but may use if no ABGs)
Arterial pH
Arterial pH Score
Serum HCO3 (venous mEq/l)
Serum HCO3 Score
Serum Sodium (mEq/l)
Serum Sodium Score
Serum Potassium (mEq/l)
Serum Potassium Score
Serum Creatinine (mg/dl) 
Serum Creatinine Score  (Point score is doubled for acute renal failure)
Hematocrit (%)
Hematocrit Score
White Blood Count (total/mm3) (in 1000s)
White Blood Count Score
Glasgow Coma Score (GCS)  Score = 15 minus actual GCS
A. Total Acute Physiology Score (sum of 12 above points)
B. Age points (years)
C. Chronic Health Points  Does the patient have a history of severe organ system insufficiency or is immunocompromised as defined below?  Definitions: organ insufficiency or immunocompromised state must have been evident prior to this hospital admission and conform to the following criteria:   Liver - biopsy proven cirrhosis and documented portal hypertension; episodes of past upper GI bleeding attributed to portal hypertension; or prior episodes of hepatic failure/encephalopathy/coma.  Cardiovascular - New York Heart Association Class IV.   Respiratory - Chronic restrictive, obstructive, or vascular disease resulting in severe exercise restriction (i.e., unable to climb stairs or perform household duties; or documented chronic hypoxia, hypercapnia, secondary polycythemia, severe pulmonary hypertension (>40 mmHg), or respirator dependency.   Renal - receiving chronic dialysis.   Immunocompromised - the patient has received therapy that suppresses resistance to infection (e.g., immunosuppression, chemotherapy, radiation, long term or recent high dose steroids, or has a disease that is sufficiently advanced to suppress resistance to infection, e.g., leukemia, lymphoma, AIDS).
Assign points as follows: 
Total APACHE II Score (add together the points from A+B+C)
Interpretation of Score:       0 to   4 =   ~4% death rate         20 to 24 = ~40% death rate       5 to   9 =   ~8% death rate         25 to 29 = ~55% death rate     10 to 14 = ~15% death rate         30 to 34 = ~75% death rate     15 to 19 = ~25% death rate         Over 34 = ~85% death rate     
Date:
1. It is difficult for me to find effective solutions for problems that occur with managing my diabetes.
2. I find efforts to change things I don't like about my diabetes are ineffective.
3. I handle myself well with respect to my diabetes.
4. I am able to manage things related to my diabetes as well as most other people.
5. I succeed in the projects I undertake to manage my diabetes.
6. Typically, my plans for managing my diabetes don't work out well.
7. No matter how hard I try, managing my diabetes doesn't turn out the way I would like.
8. I'm generally able to accomplish my goals with respect to managing my diabetes.
1. I can't think straight when in pain
2. During painful episodes it is difficult for me to think of anything besides the pain
3. When I hurt I think about pain constantly
4. I find it hard to concentrate when I hurt
5. I worry when I am in pain
6. I go immediately to bed when I feel severe pain
7. I will stop any activity as soon as I sense pain coming on
8. As soon as pain comes on I take medication to reduce it
9. I avoid important activities when I hurt
10. I try to avoid activities that cause pain
11. I think that if my pain gets too severe it will never decrease
12. When I feel pain I am afraid that something terrible will happen
13. When I feel pain I think I might be seriously ill
14. Pain sensations are terrifying
15. When pain comes on strong I think that I might become paralyzed or more disabled
16. I begin trembling when engaged in activity that increases pain
17. Pain seems to cause my heart to pound or race
18. When I sense pain I feel dizzy or faint
19. Pain makes me nauseous
20. I find it difficult to calm my body down after periods of pain
1. Get the facts about the medication choices available to me
2. Get the facts about the benefits of each choice
3. Get the facts about the risks and side effects of each choice
4. Understand the information enough to be able to make a choice
5. Ask questions without feeling dumb
6. Express my concerns about each choice
7. Ask for advice
8. Figure out the choice that best suits me
9. Handle unwanted pressure from others in making my choice
10. Let the clinic team know what's best for me
11. Delay my decision if I feel I need more time
Today's Date (please enter date when survey completed):
Date of appointment:
First name:
Middle name:
Last name:
Date of birth:
1. Over the past 4 weeks, how often have you leaked urine? (Choose one response)



2. Which of the following best describes your urinary control during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
3. How many pads or adult diapers per day did you use to control leakage during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
Dripping or leaking urine
Pain or burning on urination
Bleeding with urination
Weak urine stream or incomplete emptying
Need to urinate frequently during the day
5. Overall, how big a problem has your urinary function been for you during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
a. Urgency to have a bowel movement
b. Increased frequency of bowel movements
c. Losing control of your stools
d. Bloody stools
e. Abdominal/Pelvic/Rectal pain
7. Overall, how big a problem have your bowel habits been for you during the last 4 weeks?  (Choose one response)
a. Your ability to have an erection?
b. Your ability to reach orgasm (climax)?
9. How would you describe the usual QUALITY of your erections during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
10. How would you describe the FREQUENCY of your erections during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
11. Overall, how would you rate your ability to function sexually during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
12. Overall, how big a problem has your sexual function or lack of sexual function been for you during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
a. Hot flashes
b. Breast tenderness/enlargement
c. Feeling depressed
d. Lack of energy
e. Change in body weight
Urinary Incontinence
Urinary Obstructive/Irritative
Bowel
Sexual
Hormonal
Note to Investigator/Provider Answers to multiple choice questions have been coded for scoring as outlined in: Jacobson, G.P. The Development of the Dizziness Handicap Inventory. Arch Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 1990;116:424-427.
First Name
Last Name
Date
Instructions: The purpose of this scale is to identify difficulties that you may be experiencing because of your dizziness or unsteadiness. Please indicate  answer by selecting Yes or No or Sometimes for each question. Answer each question as it pertains to your dizziness or unsteadiness problem only.
P1. Does looking up increase your problem?
E2.  Because of your problem, do you feel frustrated?
F3.  Because of your problem, do you restrict your travel for business or recreation?
P4.  Does walking down the aisle of a supermarket increase your problem?
F5.  Because of your problem, do you have difficulty getting into or out of bed?
F6.  Does your problem significantly restrict your participation in social activities such as going out to dinner, going to the movies, dancing, or to parties?
F7.  Because of your problem, do you have difficulty reading?
P8. Does performing more ambitious activities like sports, dancing, household chores such as sweeping or putting away dishes increase your problem?
E9.  Because of your problem, are you afraid to leave your home without having someone accompany you?
E10. Because of your problem, have you been embarrassed in front of others
P11. Do quick movements of your head increase your problem?
F12. Because of your problem, do you avoid heights?
P13. Does turning over in bed increase your problem?
F14. Because of your problem, is it difficult for you to do strenuous housework or yard work?
E15. Because of your problem, are you afraid people might think you are intoxicated?
F16. Because of your problem, is it difficult for you to go for a walk by yourself?
P17. Does walking down a sidewalk increase your problem?
E18. Because of your problem, is it difficult for you to concentrate?
F19. Because of your problem, is it difficult for you walk around the house in the dark?
E20. Because of your problem, are you afraid to stay home alone?
E21. Because of your problem, do you feel handicapped?
E22. Has your problem placed stress on your relationships with members of your family or friends?
E23. Because of your problem, are you depressed?
F24. Does your problem interfere with your job or household responsibilities?
P25. Does bending over increase your problem?
Select the option that best describes you.
Below is the scoring for each of the 3 categories assessed: (1) Physical Items; (2) Emotional Items; and (3) Functional Items.
Physical Items Score
Emotional Items Score
Functional Items Score
Total Dizziness Handicap Inventory Score
About: This scale is a self-report measure of self-efficacy. Items: 10 Reliability:Internal reliability for GSE = Cronbach's alphas between .76 and .90 Validity:The General Self-Efficacy Scale is correlated to emotion, optimism, work satisfaction. Negative coefficients were found for depression, stress, health complaints, burnout, and anxiety. Scoring:      Not at all true Hardly true Moderately true Exactly true   All questions 1 2 3 4    The total score is calculated by finding the sum of the all items. For the GSE, the total score ranges between 10 and 40, with a higher score indicating more self-efficacy. References:Schwarzer, R., & Jerusalem, M. (1995). Generalized Self-Efficacy scale. In J. Weinman, S. Wright, & M. Johnston, Measures in health psychology: A user's portfolio. Causal and control beliefs (pp. 35-37). Windsor, UK: NFER-NELSON.
1. I can always manage to solve difficult problems if I try hard enough.
2. If someone opposes me, I can find the means and ways to get what I want.
3. It is easy for me to stick to my aims and accomplish my goals.
4. I am confident that I could deal efficiently with unexpected events.
5. Thanks to my resourcefulness, I know how to handle unforeseen situations.
6. I can solve most problems if I invest the necessary effort.
7. I can remain calm when facing difficulties because I can rely on my coping abilities.
8. When I am confronted with a problem, I can usually find several solutions.
9. If I am in trouble, I can usually think of a solution.
10. I can usually handle whatever comes my way.
Score
Q 1: In general, would you say your health is:
a. I am afraid to go out
b. I avoid visiting friends
c. I avoid staying overnight away from home
d. It is difficult for me to get out and do things like going to a movie or to church
e. I cut down on how much I eat before I go out
f. Whenever I am away from home, I try to stay near a restroom as much as possible
g. It is important to plan my schedule (daily activities) around my bowel pattern
h. I avoid traveling
i. I worry about not being able to get to the toilet in time
j. I feel I have no control over my bowels
k. I can't hold my bowel movement long enough to get to the bathroom
l. I leak stool without even knowing it
m. I try to prevent bowel accidents by staying very near a bathroom
a. I feel ashamed
b. I can not do many of things I want to do
c. I worry about bowel accidents
d. I feel depressed
e. I worry about others smelling stool on me
f. I feel like I am not a healthy person
g. I enjoy life less
h. I have sex less often than I would like to
i. I feel different from other people
j. The possibility of bowel accidents is always on my mind
k. I am afraid to have sex
l. I avoid traveling by plane or train
m. I avoid going out to eat
n. Whenever I go someplace new, I specifically locate where the bathrooms are
Q 4: During the past month, have you felt so sad, discouraged, hopeless, or had so many problems that you wondered if anything was worthwhile?
What is your race? (Select all that apply.)
You chose "Other Pacific Islander." Please type in your specific race.
You chose "Other Asian." Please type in your specific race.
You chose "Some other race." Please type in your race.
You did not answer the question "What is your race?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is your race?"
Are you of Hispanic/Latino origin?
You chose "Yes, another Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin." Please type in your origin.
You did not answer the question "Are you of Hispanic/Latino origin?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Are you of Hispanic/Latino origin?"
What is the highest level of school you have completed?
 
 
 
 Note: 
 
 Elementary School = 1-8
 
 High School = 9-12
 
 College = 13-16
 
 Graduate/Professional School = 17-20+
You did not answer the question "What is the highest level of school you have completed?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is the highest level of school you have completed?"
What is the highest degree you earned?
You chose "Other." Please type in the highest degree you earned.
You did not answer the question "What is the highest degree you earned?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is the highest degree you earned?"
How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating? Would you say it is:
You did not answer the question "How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating?"
Stress means a situation in which a person feels tense, restless, nervous, or anxious, or is unable to sleep at night because his/her mind is troubled all the time. Do you feel this kind of stress these days?
You did not answer the question "Do you feel this kind of stress these days?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Do you feel this kind of stress these days?"
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?
You did not answer the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?"
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?
You did not answer the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?"
Scoring notes: The points on the two depression screening questions are added to produce a PHQ-2 summary score. A PHQ-2 score of >= 3 corresponds to a positive screen for depression.
On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise (like walking fast, running, jogging, dancing, swimming, biking, or other activities that cause a light or heavy sweat)?
You did not answer the question "On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise?"
On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?
You did not answer the question "On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?"
Scoring notes: An Exercise Vital Signs Summary Score is obtained by using the responses from the two questions to determine minutes per week of moderate to strenuous activity.
 
 
 
 Activity levels are defined as follows:
 
 Inactive: 0 min/weekInsufficiently active: 1-149 min/weekSufficiently active: 150+ min/week
Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE?
You did not answer the question "Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE?"
Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all?
You did not answer the question "Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all?"
Scoring notes: Smoking status is determined based on responses to the above two questions. "Never smoker" is defined as a response of "no" to the first question. Those who leave the first question blank are classified as "Unknown if ever smoked." If the answer to the first question is "yes" then responses to the second question define smoking status as follows:
 
 
 
 Not at all = Former smokerSome days = Current some day smokerEvery day = Current every day smoker
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
You did not answer the question "How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?"
How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
You did not answer the question "How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinkin?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?"
How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?
You did not answer the question "How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?"
Scoring notes: Assuming a valid response for the above three questions, the sum of the scores defines a positive screening test for alcohol as follows: >= 4 (men) and >= 3 (women)
In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors?
You did not answer the question "In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors?"
In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives (for example, going out together or visiting in each other's homes)?
You did not answer the question "In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives?"
How often do you attend church or religious services?
You did not answer the question "How often do you attend church or religious services?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you attend church or religious services?"
How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?
You did not answer the question "How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?"
Which of the following best describes your marital status?
You did not answer the question "Which of the following best describes your marital status?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Which of the following best describes your marital status?"
Scoring notes: The social isolation summary score is obtained by adding the points for the above five questions. Respondents receive 1 point for averaging 3 or more interactions per week (based on the average of the first two questions), 1 point for attending church services 4 times per year or more, 1 point for attending club or organization meetings, and 1 point for being married or living in a marital-like relationship. Questions left black are excluded from the calculation. The scores are categorized as follows:
 
 
 
 Most isolated: 0-1 pointVery isolated: 2 pointsSomewhat isolated: 3 pointsNot isolated: 4 points
Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?"
Scoring notes: The summary score is obtained by adding the number of points for the above four questions. A score >= 1 denotes a positive screen for intimate partner violence.
Please choose the time frame for this analysis:
PANAS-X  This scale consists of a number of words and phrases that describe different feelings and emotions. Read each item and then mark the appropriate answer in the space next to that word.   Indicate to what extent you have felt this way.  Use the following scale to record your answers:
Cheerful
Sad
Active
Angry at self
Disgusted
Calm
Guilty
Enthusiastic
Attentive
Afraid
Joyful
Downhearted
Bashful
Tired
Nervous
Sheepish
Sluggish
Amazed
Lonely
Distressed
Daring
Shaky
Sleepy
Blameworthy
Surprised
Happy
Excited
Determined
Strong
Timid
Hostile
Frightened
Scornful
Alone
Proud
Astonished
Relaxed
Alert
Jittery
Interested
Irritable
Upset
Lively
Loathing
Delighted
Angry
Ashamed
Confident
Inspired
Bold
At ease
Energetic
Fearless
Blue
Scared
Concentrating
Disgusted with self
Shy
Drowsy
Dissatisfied with self
General Negative Affect Score
Fear Score
Sadness Score
Guilt Score
Hostility Score
Shyness Score
Fatigue Score
General Positive Affect Score
Joviality Score
Self-Assurance Score
Attentiveness Score
Serenity Score
Surprise Score
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Durie-Salmon Stage
What was the International Staging System for Myeloma Stage?
Staging Time Point
1. Are you basically satisfied with your life?
10. Do you feel you have more problems with memory than most?
11. Do you think it is wonderful to be alive now?
12. Do you feel pretty worthless the way you are now?
13. Do you feel full of energy?
14. Do you feel that your situation is hopeless?
15. Do you think that most people are better off than you are?
2. Have you dropped many of your activities and interests?
3. Do you feel that your life is empty?
4. Do you often get bored?
5. Are you in good spirits most of the time? 
6. Are you afraid that something bad is going to happen to you?
7. Do you feel happy most of the time?
8. Do you often feel helpless?
9. Do you prefer to stay at home, rather than going out and doing new things?
TOTAL (0 - 100)
1, How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have five or more drinks on one occasion?
Total for Question 1.
Total for Question 2
Total for Question 3
Total Score
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
1.  There are several people that I trust to help solve my problems.
2.  If I needed help fixing an appliance or repairing my car, there is someone who would
help me.
3.  Most of my friends are more interesting than I am.
4.  There is someone who takes pride in my accomplishments.
5.  When I feel lonely, there are several people I can talk to.
6.  There is no one that I feel comfortable to talking about intimate personal problems.
7.  I often meet or talk with family or friends.
8.  Most people I know think highly of me.
9.  If I needed a ride to the airport very early in the morning, I would have a hard time finding someone to take me.
10.  I feel like I'm not always included by my circle of friends.
11.  There really is no one who can give me an objective view of how I'm handling my problems.
12.  There are several different people I enjoy spending time with.
13.  I think that my friends feel that I'm not very good at helping them solve their problems.
14.  If I were sick and needed someone (friend, family member, or acquaintance) to take me to the doctor, I would have trouble finding someone.
15.  If I wanted to go on a trip for a day (e.g., to the mountains, beach, or country), I would have a hard time finding someone to go with me.
16.  If I needed a place to stay for a week because of an emergency (for example, water or electricity out in my apartment or house), I could easily find someone who would put me up.
17.  I feel that there is no one I can share my most private worries and fears with.
18.  If I were sick, I could easily find someone to help me with my daily chores.
19.  There is someone I can turn to for advice about handling problems with my family.
20.  I am as good at doing things as most other people are.
21.  If I decide one afternoon that I would like to go to a movie that evening, I could easily find someone to go with me.
22.  When I need suggestions on how to deal with a personal problem, I know someone I can turn to.
23.  If I needed an emergency loan of $100, there is someone (friend, relative, or acquaintance) I could get it from.
24.  In general, people do not have much confidence in me.
25.  Most people I know do not enjoy the same things that I do.
26.  There is someone I could turn to for advice about making career plans or changing my job.
27.  I don't often get invited to do things with others.
28.  Most of my friends are more successful at making changes in their lives than I am.
29.  If I had to go out of town for a few weeks, it would be difficult to find someone who would look after my house or apartment (the plants, pets, garden, etc.).
30.  There really is no one I can trust to give me good financial advice.
31.  If I wanted to have lunch with someone, I could easily find someone to join me.
32.  I am more satisfied with my life than most people are with theirs.
33.  If I was stranded 10 miles from home, there is someone I could call who would come and get me.
34.  No one I know would throw a birthday party for me.
35.  It would be difficult to find someone who would lend me their car for a few hours.
36.  If a family crisis arose, it would be difficult to find someone who could give me good advice about how to handle it.
37.  I am closer to my friends than most other people are to theirs.
38.  There is at least one person I know whose advice I really trust.
39.  If I needed some help in moving to a new house or apartment, I would have a hard time finding someone to help me.
40.  I have a hard time keeping pace with my friends.
Appraisal Support Subscale
Tangible Support Subscale
Self-Esteem Support Subscale
Belonging Support Subscale
Radiation Therapy Type
Radiation Therapy Type Other Specify
Radiation Therapy Modality
RT Begin Date
RT End Date
Brachytherapy Delivery Technique Type
Brachytherapy modality other, specify
Implant Number
Strand
Total Activity
Length
Mesh Width
Total # Seeds
Total Number of Fractions
Seed loss
RT Total Fraction Count
Agent Name
Treatment Unit
Seed Loss Details
Participant Position
Radiation Type
Dose
Units of Measure
Start Time
Stop Time
Radiation Therapy Temporary Interruption
RT Interruptions Reason
PTV
CTV
Percent of PTV receiving > 95% of dose
Percent of PTV receiving > 107% of dose
During the past 4 weeks, how much have you been bothered by any of the following problems?
a. Stomach pain
b. Back pain
c. Pain in your arms, legs, or joints (knees, hips, etc.)
d. Menstrual cramps or other problems with your periods (women only)
e. Headaches
f. Chest pain
g. Dizziness
h. Fainting spells
i. Feeling your heart pound or race
j. Shortness of breath
k. Pain or problems during sexual intercourse
l. Constipation, loose bowels, or diarrhea
m. Nausea, gas, or indigestion
n. Feeling tired or having low energy
o. Trouble sleeping
Adolescent Outcomes Questionnaire (self reported)
Clinic ID
First six letters of patient's last name
Physician ID
Office Chart #
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Adolescent Outcomes Questionnaire (self reported)
Today's Date
Your Birth Date
Your Social Security Number
Your Father or Mother's Social Security Number
1. Lift heavy books?
2. Pour a half gallon of milk?
3. Open a jar that has been opened before?
4. Use a fork and spoon?
5. Comb your hair?
6. Button buttons?
7. Put on your coat?
8. Write with a pencil?
9. On average, over the last 12 months, how often did you miss school (camp, etc.) because of your health?
10. How you look?
11. Your body?
12. What clothes or shoes you can wear?
13. Your ability to do the same things your friends do?
14. Your health in general?
15. Did you feel sick and tired?
16. Were you full of pep and energy?
17. Did pain or discomfort interfere with your activities?
18. Run short distances?
19. Bicycle or tricycle?
20. Climb three flights of stairs?
21. Climb one flight of stairs?
22. Walk more than a mile?
23. Walk three blocks?
24. Walk one block?
25. Get on and off a bus?
26. How often do you need help from another person for walking and climbing? (Select one response.)
27. How often do you use assistive devices (such as braces, crutches, or wheelchair) for walking and climbing? (Select one response.)
28. Stand while washing your hands and face at a sink?
29. Sit in a regular chair without holding on?
30. Get on and off a toilet or chair?
31. Get in and out of bed?
32. Turn door knobs?
33. Bend over from a standing position and pick up something off the floor?
34. How often do you need help from another person for sitting and standing? (Select one response.)
35. How often do you use assistive devices (such as braces, crutches, or wheelchair) for sitting and standing? (Select one response.)
36. Can you participate in recreational outdoor activities with other kids the same age? (For example: bicycling, skating, hiking, jogging) (Select one response.)
If you answered "no" to Question 36 above, was your activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
43. Can you participate in pickup games or sports with other kids the same age? (For example: tag, dodge ball, basketball, soccer, catch, jump rope, touch football, hop scotch) (Select one response.)
If you answered "no" to Question 43 above, was your activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
50. Can you participate in competitive level sports with other children the same age? (For example: hockey, basketball, soccer, football, baseball, swimming, running [track or cross country], gymnastics, or dance) (Select one response.)
If you answered "no" to Question 50 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
57. How often in the last week  did you get together and do things with friends? (Select one response.)
If you answered "sometimes" or "never or rarely" to Question 57 above, was your activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
63. How often in the last week did you participate in gym/recess? (Select one response.)
If you answered "sometimes" or "never or rarely" to Question 63 above, was your activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
71. Is it easy or hard for you to make friends with kids your own age? (Select one response.)
72. How much pain have you had during the last week? (Select one response.)
73. During the last week, how much did pain interfere with your normal activities (including at home, outside of the home, and at school)? (Select one response.)
74. To have pain relief.
75. To look better.
76. To feel better about myself.
77. To sleep more comfortably.
78. To be able to do activities at home.
79. To be able to do more at school.
80. To be able to do more play or recreational activities (biking, walking, doing things with friends).
81. To be able to do more sports.
82. To be free from pain or disability as an adult.
83. If you had to spend the rest of your life with your bone and muscle condition as it is right now, how would you feel about it? (Select one response.)
84. Comments
Child's Name (Last, First):
Child's DOB (MM/DD/YYYY):
Child's Medical Record Number:
1. Difficulty sleeping
2. Arguing with family member(s)
3. Bringing my child to the clinic or hospital
4. Learning upsetting news
5. Being unable to go to work/job
6. Seeing my child's mood change quickly
7. Speaking with doctor
8. Watching my child have touble eating
9. Waiting for my child's test results
10. Having money/financial troubles
11. Trying not to think about my family's difficulties
12. Feeling confused about medical information
13. Being with my child during medical procedures
14. Knowing my child is hurting or in pain
15. Trying to attend to the needs of other family members
16. Seeing my child sad or scared
17. Talking with the nurse
18. Making decision about medical care or medicines
19. Thinking about my child being isolated from others
20. Being far away from family and/or friends
21. Feeling numb inside
22. Disagreeing with a member of the health care team
23. Helping my child with his/her hygiene needs
24. Worrying about the long term impact of the illness
25. Having ittle time to take care of my own needs
26. Feeling helpless over my child's condition
27. Feeling misunderstood by family/friends as to the severity of my child's illness
28. Handling changes in my child's daily medical routines
29. Feeling uncertain about the future
30. Being in the hospital over weekends/holidays
31. Thinking about other children who have been seriously ill
32. Speaking with my child about his/her illness
33. Helping my child with medical procecures (e.g. giving shots, swallowing medicine, changing dressing)
34. Having my heart beat fast, sweating, or feeling tingly
35. Feling uncertain about disciplining my child
36. Feeling scared that my child could get very sick or die
37. Speaking with family members about my child's illness
38. WAtching my child during medical visits/procedures
39. Missing important events in the lives of other family members
40. Worrying about how friends and relatives interact with my child
41. Noticing a change in my relationship with my partner
42. Spending a great deal of time in unfamiliar settings
1. Difficulty sleeping
2. Arguing with family member(s)
3. Bringing my child to the clinic or hospital
4. Learning upsetting news
5. Being unable to go to work/job
6. Seeing my child's mood change quickly
7. Speaking with doctor
8. Watching my child have touble eating
9. Waiting for my child's test results
10. Having money/financial troubles
11. Trying not to think about my family's difficulties
12. Feeling confused about medical information
13. Being with my child during medical procedures
14. Knowing my child is hurting or in pain
15. Trying to attend to the needs of other family members
16. Seeing my child sad or scared
17. Talking with the nurse
18. Making decision about medical care or medicines
19. Thinking about my child being isolated from others
20. Being far away from family and/or friends
21. Feeling numb inside
22. Disagreeing with a member of the health care team
23. Helping my child with his/her hygiene needs
24. Worrying about the long term impact of the illness
25. Having ittle time to take care of my own needs
26. Feeling helpless over my child's condition
27. Feeling misunderstood by family/friends as to the severity of my child's illness
28. Handling changes in my child's daily medical routines
29. Feeling uncertain about the future
30. Being in the hospital over weekends/holidays
31. Thinking about other children who have been seriously ill
32. Speaking with my child about his/her illness
33. Helping my child with medical procecures (e.g. giving shots, swallowing medicine, changing dressing)
34. Having my heart beat fast, sweating, or feeling tingly
35. Feling uncertain about disciplining my child
36. Feeling scared that my child could get very sick or die
37. Speaking with family members about my child's illness
38. WAtching my child during medical visits/procedures
39. Missing important events in the lives of other family members
40. Worrying about how friends and relatives interact with my child
41. Noticing a change in my relationship with my partner
42. Spending a great deal of time in unfamiliar settings
Scoring information attached
1. Which type of ground meat do you usually eat? 
 2. Which best describes your typical lunch? "Lunch meat" means ham, bologna, salami, pastrami, etc.
3. Mark all of the choices that reflect the entree at your main meal.
4. Estimate the number of ounces of meat, cheese, fish and poultry you eat in a typical day.   Include all meals and snacks. (To guide you in your estimate (a piece the size of a deck of cards = 3 oz)    1 hot dog = 1 ½ oz  1 chicken thigh = 2-3 oz  1 slice cheese = 1 oz  4 strips bacon = 1 oz  ½ chicken breast = 3 oz  1-inch cube cheese = 1 oz  1 small burger patty = 3-4 oz  average T-bone steak = 8 oz  meat in sandwiches = 2-3 oz 
5.   Which of these have you eaten in the past month?
6. Which do you usually use for drinking (don't forget lattes/mochas) or cooking? (Most lattes/mochas contain whole milk unless you request otherwise). 
7. Which toppings do you use?
8. Which frozen desserts are you most likely to eat at least once a month?
9. Which kind of cheese do you use?
10. Check the type and number of "visible" eggs you eat (scrambled, fried, etc).
11.	Check the type of eggs usually used in food prepared at home or bought in grocery stores.
12.	  Which kinds of fats are used most often to cook your food (vegetables, meats, etc)?
13. How much of these "added" fats do you eat in the typical day: peanut butter, margarine, mayonnaise, or salad dressing (including those made with olive oil)? Do not count fat free products.    Examples of amounts people often use: on toast: 2 tsp margarine on salads: 12 tsp salad dressing on vegetables: 3 tsp margarine on sandwiches: 6 tsp mayonnaise, 2 tsp margarine  on potatoes: 3 tsp margarine on pasta, rice: 3 tsp margarine, oil or 6 tsp pesto 
14.	  How often do you eat potato chips, corn or tortilla chips, fried chicken, fish sticks, French fries, doughnuts, other fried foods, croissants or Danish pastries? Do not count fat free products 
15.	 Which best describes the amount of margarine, butter, peanut butter, mayonnaise or  cream cheese that you put on breads, muffins, bagels, etc?  Do not count fat free products
16.	  Which kind of salad dressings do you use?
17. How often do you eat desserts or baked goods (sweet rolls, doughnuts, muffins, scones, cookies, cakes)? Do not count fat free versions
18. Which of the following desserts or snacks have you eaten in the last month?
19.	 Which of the following snacks have you eaten in the last month?
20.	How many pieces of fruit or cups of fruit juice do you consume a day?  (not "fruit-flavored" drinks)
21.	How many cups of vegetables do you eat a day (tossed salad, cooked vegetables, soups, casseroles, etc)?  (A typical serving size for tossed salad is 1 to 1 1/2 cups) 
22.	How many cups of legumes do you eat a week (refried beans, split peas, white beans, black beans, blackeye peas, lentils, chili, etc)? 
23. List the number of servings of the following you ate last week. (A typical cereal bowl holds 1 1/2 to 2 cups; people typically eat 9 to 12 cups of popcorn).  Amount eaten LAST WEEK 
cooked cereal
ready-to-eat cereal
English muffin
hamburger bun
bagel (plain or flavored)
Pita or pocket bread
eight-inch tortilla
plain popcorn (4 cups/serving)
fat free or low-fat muffin
cornbread
Total
Amount eaten LAST WEEK
bread or toast
dinner or hard roll
French/Sourdough bread
four-inch pancake
low-fat crackers such as soda, graham, etc (8/serving)
regular sized rice cakes  (3/serving)
mini sized rice cakes (8/serving)
pretzels (1 cup or 1 large soft)
Total
24. How many servings of grains and potatoes did you eat last week? Be sure to count these foods when they are in a mixed dish (casserole, burrito, etc). This includes breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Number of servings eaten LAST WEEK
macaroni, spaghetti and other pastas
mashed potato
baked potato
rice, corn, bulgur, barley, couscous, other grains
25. Which of the following reflects your habits regarding alcoholic beverages?  1 drink = 12 ounces beer  1 1/2 ounces whiskey, gin, rum, etc  4 ounces wine  1 ounce liqueur 
26. Which of the following reflects your habits regarding soda pop, sweetened seltzers, sports drinks, fruit punch, etc? Do not count sugar free (diet) drinks  1 can = 12 ounces Big Gulp = 32 ounces 1 Liter = 33 ounces 2 Liter = 67 ounces 
27. How much coffee do you drink? This includes espressos, lattes, mochas, etc.  Guidelines for Espresso Drinks "Short" = 8-10 ounces Small ("Tall") = 12 ounces Medium ("Grande") = 16 ounces Large ("Venti") = 20 ounces 
28. Which type of "salt" do you normally use? 
29.	How often do you add salt to your food at the table?
30. Which type of salt and how much do you use in cooking potatoes, rice, pasta, vegetables, meat, casseroles and soups? 
31. Which type of cereals do you use?
32. How often do you use typical canned, bottled, or packaged foods:   Salsa salad dressings boxed noodle entrees   Picante sauce soups (chicken broth) frozen entrees   BBQ sauce chili canned beans   ketchup cured meats (lunch meat) canned vegetables    
33. How often do you eat breakfast at a restaurant or cafeteria (this includes coffee shops)? 
34. How often do you eat lunch at a restaurant or cafeteria or eat "take out"?
35. How often do you eat dinner at a restaurant or cafeteria or eat "take out"?
36.  Check the choices you make when eating in restaurants or cafeterias.
37. How often do you eat foods made using low-fat recipes or cook low-fat without recipes? 
38.  How often do you eat fish?  (tuna, snapper, perch, sole, halibut, cod, salmon,       shrimp/prawns, crab, lobster, scallops, clams, oysters, sardines, etc).	
39. Which fish (fresh, frozen or canned) have you eaten in the last month?
Participant Last Name
Participant First Name
Participant Middle Name
Person Name Suffix
Street Address
Participant City
State
Participant Postal Code
Telephone Number Type
Participant Phone
Participant Initials
Agent Name
Agent Code
Frequency
Route
Date of Last Treatment
Regimen Name
Total # of Courses Received
Total Number of Prior Chemotherapy Regimens
Prior Therapy Type
Prior Therapy Other Administration
Start Date
Stop Date
Dose
Units of Measure
Subsequent Therapy Type
Post treatment therapy, specify
Post trial regimens
NOTE TO USER: THREE ITEMS ARE REVERSE CODED
I feel burned out with diabetes.
I feel angry or frustrated about diabetes.
I feel stressed, anxious, or overwhelmed about diabetes.
I feel like I am not motivated to do things for my diabetes.
I am too busy outside of school to take care of diabetes.
I do not like to take the time to stop what I am doing to take care of diabetes.
I forget to carry diabetes supplies.
I get hungry and do not take care of diabetes.
I get distracted and forget to take care of diabetes.
I feel like I do not have anyone to talk to about diabetes problems.
I feel all alone in dealing with my diabetes.
When it comes to my diabetes, I have people in my life who understand what I go through.
My parents usually want to hear my opinions about diabetes.
My parents do not try to include me in diabetes decisions.
My parents try to support me in how I take care of my diabetes.
Parties and social gatherings get in the way of taking care of diabetes.
Restaurants are challenging for taking care of diabetes.
I need to find a private place to take care of diabetes.
I try not to deal with diabetes in front of friends.
I have a hard time telling people that I have diabetes.
I feel embarrassed taking care of diabetes in front of other people.
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
Instructions:  This inventory is designed to measure the grief experience of current family caregivers of a person living with progressive dementia (e.g. Alzheimer's disease).  Read each statement carefully, then from the list provided select the option that best describes how much you agree or disagree with what is said.  Choose a number 1-5 to the right. It is important that you respond to all items so that the scores are accurate.  Sub-scale and total grief scores will be automatically calculated at the end of the survey.
1. I've had to give up a great deal to be a caregiver.
2. I miss so many of the activities we used to share.
3. I feel I am losing my freedom.
4. My physical health has declined from the stress of being a caregiver.
5. I have nobody to communicate with.
6. I don't know what is happening. I feel confused and unsure.
7. I carry a lot of stress as a caregiver.
8. I receive enough emotional support from others.
9. I have this empty, sick feeling knowing that my loved one is "gone."
10. I feel anxious and scared.
11. My personal life has changed a great deal.
12. I spend a lot of time worrying about the bad things to come.
13. Dementia is like a double loss ... I've lost the closeness with my loved one and connectedness with my family.
14. I feel terrific sadness
15. This situation is totally unacceptable in my heart.
16. My friends simply don't understand what I'm going through.
17. I feel this constant sense of responsibility, and it just never leaves.
18. I long for what was, what we had and shared in the past.
19. I could deal with other serious disabilities better than with this.
20. I can't feel free in this situation.
21. I'm having trouble sleeping.
22. I'm at peace with myself and my situation in life.
23. It's a life phase, and I know we'll get through it.
24. My extended family has no idea what I go through in caring for him/her.
25. I feel so frustrated that I often tune him/her out.
26. I am always worrying.
27. I'm angry at the disease for robbing me of so much.
28. This is requiring more emotional energy and determination than I ever expected.
29. I will be tied up with this for who knows how long.
30. It hurts to put her/him to bed at night and realize that she/he is "gone."
31. I feel very sad about what this disease has done.
32. I feel severe depression.
33. I lay awake most nights worrying about what's happening and how I'll manage tomorrow.
34. The people closest to me do not understand what I'm going through.
35. His/her death will bring me renewed personal freedom to live my life.
36. I feel powerless.
37. It's frightening because you know doctors can't cure this disease, so things only get worse.
38. I've lost other people close to me, but the losses I'm experiencing now are much more troubling.
39. Independence is what I've lost ... I don't have the freedom to go and do what I want.
40. I've had to make some drastic changes in my life as a result of becoming a caregiver.
41. I wish I had an hour or two to myself each day to pursue personal interests.
42. I'm stuck in this caregiving world, and there's nothing I can do about it.
43. I can't contain my sadness about all that's happening.
44. What upsets me most is what I've had to give up.
45. I'm managing pretty well overall.
46. I think I'm denying the full implications of this for my life.
47. I get excellent support from members of my family.
48. I've had a hard time accepting what is happening.
49. The demands on me are growing faster than I ever expected.
50. I wish this was all a dream and I could wake up back in my old life.
Personal Sacrifice Burden
Heartfelt Sadness and Longing
Worry and Felt Isolation
Total Grief Level
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage - Gastric GIST
Disease Stage - Small Intestinal GIST
Staging Time Point
Date
Surgical procedure type
Surgical procedure type, Other specify
Surgical approach
Surgical approach other specify
Reason for surgical approach
Resection type
Resection type other specify
Surgeon Name
Date of first postop bowel movement
Date of first postop flatus
Estimated Blood Loss (cc)
Operative Findings
Final incision length (including if laproscopy was converted to open)
Tumor size longest diameter (as determined by surgeon)
Surgical margin distance (as determined by surgeon)
Residual Disease after Surgery
Is gross disease unifocal or multifocal?
Operative conditions/procedures
Transfusion Type
Transfusion Component
Blood transfusion
Units
Surgical documentation method(s)
Number of surgeries
Start Date
Stop Date
Start Time
Stop Time
Was there gross evidence of tumor?
Date of Resection
1.Discouraged that I am not getting better
2. Helpless in my ability to solve my bowel problems
3. Frustrated that the treatments I have tried do not work
4. Worried that this problem will not go away
5. Depressed that my bowel problems are controlling my life
6. Nervous that this means something more serious is happening to my body
1. Your relationships with friends?
2. Your relationships with coworkers?
3. Your relationships with acquaintances?
4. Your encounters with people you do not know?
5. Your ability to make new friends?
1. Avoided foods that you like?
2. Restricted the amount of foods you eat?
3. Restricted the kinds of food you eat?
1. Embarrassed about having to go to the bathroom when you are away from home
2. Anxious about being far away from a bathroom
3. Anxious about having to use a public restroom
4. Embarrassed about the amount of time you spend in the bathroom
Name:
Date:
1. Do you usually experience pressure in the lower abdomen?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
2. Do you usually experience pain in the lower abdomen or genital area?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
3. Do you usually experience heaviness or dullness in the pelvic area?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
4. Do you usually have a sensation of bulging or protrusion
       from the vaginal area?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
5. Do you usually have a bulge or something falling out that you can see or feel in the vaginal area?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
6. Do you usually experience pelvic discomfort when   standing or physically exerting yourself? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
7. Do you usually experience pain in your lower back on most days 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
8. Do you usually have to push on the vagina or around the rectum to have or complete a bowel movement? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
9. Do you feel you need to strain too hard to have a bowel movement?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
10. Do you feel you have not completely emptied your bowels at the end of a bowel movement? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
11. Do you usually experience difficulty emptying your bladder?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
12. Do you usually experience a feeling of incomplete bladder emptying?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
13. Do you usually feel that you have an unusually weak stream  or that you take too long to empty your bladder? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
14. When you urinate, does your stream usually start and stop and start again before you are finally finished? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
15. Do you usually have to assume an unusual position or change positions to start or complete urination? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
16. Do you ever have to push up on a bulge in the vaginal area with your fingers to start or complete urination?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
17. Do you usually experience frequent urination?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
18. Do you usually experience a strong feeling of urgency to empty your bladder? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
19. Do you usually experience urine leakage associated with a feeling of urgency, that is a strong sensation of needing to go to the bathroom?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
20. Do you usually experience urine leakage related to coughing, sneezing, or laughing? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
21. Do you usually experience urine leakage related to physical exercise such as walking, running, aerobics, or tennis? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
22. Do you usually experience urine leakage related to lifting or bending over?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
23. Do you usually experience urine leakage when you go from sitting to standing?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
24. Do you usually experience urine leakage not related to urgency or physical activity?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
25. Do you usually experience small amounts of urine leakage (that is, drops)?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
26. Do you usually experience large amounts of urine leakage?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
27. Do you usually awaken during your normal sleeping hours to urinate?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
28. Do you usually experience bed wetting?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
29. Do you usually experience pain or burning when urinating? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
30. Do you usually lose urine during sexual activity?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
31. Do you usually have to push on your lower abdomen to start or complete urination? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
32. Do you usually dribble urine as you stand up or begin to walk immediately after you have finished urinating?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
33. Do you usually experience pain in the middle of your lower abdomen as your bladder fills? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
34. Do you usually experience pressure in the middle of your lower abdomen as your bladder fills?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
35. Do you usually have abdominal pain prior to bowel movements?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
36. Do you usually experience loss of gas or stool as the result of physically stressful activities such as with exercise, coughing, sneezing, or hard laughing?  
If yes, how much does this bother you?
37. Do you usually experience loss of gas or stool after a sense of urgency or after another warning sensation?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
38. Do you usually lose stool beyond your control if your stool is well formed?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
39. Do you usually lose stool beyond your control if your stool is loose or liquid?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
40. Do you usually lose gas from the rectum beyond your control? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
41. Do you usually have pain when you pass your stool?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
42. Do you  experience a strong sense of urgency and have to rush to the bathroom to have a bowel movement?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
43. Do you usually pass mucus with or in your bowel movement?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
44. Do you usually have hemorrhoids?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
45. Does a part of your bowel ever pass through the rectum and bulge outside during or after a bowel movement?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
46. Do you usually experience abdominal or lower back pain when you strain for any reason (for example with a bowel movement, or when lifting a heavy object)?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
1. Speech
2. Salivation
3.  Swallowing
4. Handwriting
5a: Cutting food and handling utensils Patients without gastrostomy
5b. Cutting food and handling utensils Patients with gastrostomy 
6. Dressing and hygiene
7.  Turning in bed and adjusting bed clothes
8. Walking
9. Climbing stairs
10. Dyspnea
11. Orthopnea
12. Respiratory insufficiency
SCORE:
Study Treatment Identification Number
PET imaging agent source
Was imaging agent administered?
Date Agent Administered
Route of Administration
Location of Injection Site
Location of injection site, Other specify
Activity in full syringe before injection
Time of assay of full syringe before injection
Time of injection
Residual activity in syringe after injection
Time of assay of residual activity after injection
Net activity at the time of injection
Any radiotracer infiltration at injection site noted?
PET imaging agent name
Confirmed patient with no allergy to contrast agent prior to administration
Supplier
Method [of synthesis]
Net activity at time of assay
Pyrogen test results
Radiochemical purity test result
Specific Activity
FAOS Foot and Ankle Survey
Today's Date
Date of Birth
Name
INSTRUCTIONS: This survey asks for your view about your foot/ankle. This information will help us keep track of how you feel about your foot/ankle and how well you are able to do your usual activities.
Answer every question by ticking the appropriate box, only one box for each question. If you are unsure about how to answer a question, please give the best answer you can.
S1. Do you have swelling in your foot/ankle?
S2. Do you feel grinding, hear clicking or any other type of noise when your foot/ankle moves?
S3. Does your foot/ankle catch or hang up when moving?
S4. Can you straighten your foot/ankle fully?
S5. Can you bend your foot/ankle fully?
S6. How severe is your foot/ankle stiffness after first wakening in the morning?
S7. How severe is your foot/ankle stiffness after sitting, lying or resting later in the day?
P1. How often do you experience foot/ankle pain?
What amount of foot/ankle pain have you experienced the last week during the following activities?
P2. Twisting/pivoting on your foot/ankle
P3. Straightening foot/ankle fully
P4. Bending foot/ankle fully
P5. Walking on flat surface
P6. Going up or down stairs
P7. At night while in bed
P8. Sitting or lying
P9. Standing upright
A1. Descending stairs
A2. Ascending stairs
For each of the following activities please indicate the degree of difficulty you have experienced in the last week due to your foot/ankle.
A3. Rising from sitting
A4. Standing
A5. Bending to floor/pick up an object
A6. Walking on flat surface 
A7. Getting in/out of car
A8. Going shopping
A9. Putting on socks/stockings
A10. Rising from bed
A11. Taking of socks/stockings
A12. Lying in bed (turning over, maintaining foot/ankle position)
A13. Getting in/out of bath
A14. Sitting
A15. Getting on/off toilet
A16. Heavy domestic duties (moving heavy boxes, scrubbing floors, etc)
A17. Light domestic duties (cooking, dusting, etc)
SP1. Squatting
SP2. Running
SP3. Jumping
SP4. Twisting/pivoting on your injured foot/ankle
SP5. Kneeling
Q1. How often are you aware of your foot/ankle problem?
Q2. Have you modified your life style to avoid potentially damaging activities to your foot/ankle?
Q3. How much are you troubled with lack of confidence in your foot/ankle?
Q4. In general, how much difficulty do you have with your foot/ankle?
Thank you very much for completing all the questions in this questionnaire.

Questionnaire and User's Guide can be downloaded from:
Scoring instructions
First Name
Last Name
Date
Listed below are a number of symptoms that you may or may not have experienced since your illness. Please indicate by selecting Yes or No, whether you have experienced any of these symptoms since your illness, and whether you believe that these symptoms are related to your illness.
Pain
Sore Throat
Nausea
Breathlessness
Weight Loss
Fatigue
Stiff Joints
Sore Eyes
Wheeziness
Headaches
Upset Stomach
Sleep Difficulties
Dizziness
Loss of Strength
Pain
Sore Throat
Nausea
Breathlessness
Weight Loss
Fatigue
Stiff Joints
Sore Eyes
Wheeziness
Headaches
Upset Stomach
Sleep Difficulties
Dizziness
Loss of Strength
We are interested in your own personal views of how you now see your current illness. Please indicate how much you agree or disagree with the following statements about your illness by ticking the appropriate box.
IP1. My illness will last a short time
IP2. My illness is likely to be permanent rather than temporary
IP3. My illness will last for a long time
IP4. This illness will pass quickly
IP5. I expect to have this illness for the rest of my life
IP6. My illness is a serious condition
IP7. My illness has major consequences on my life
IP8. My illness does not have much effect on my life
IP9. My illness strongly affects the way others see me
IP10. My illness has serious financial consequences
IP11. My illness causes difficulties for those who are close to me
IP12. There is a lot which I can do to control my symptoms
IP13. What I do can determine whether my illness gets better or worse
IP14. The course of my illness depends on me
IP15. Nothing I do will affect my illness
IP16. I have the power to influence my illness
IP17. My actions will have no affect on the outcome of my illness
IP18. My illness will improve in time
IP19. There is very little that can be done to improve my illness
IP20. My treatment will be effective in curing my illness
IP21.The negative effects of my illness can be prevented (avoided) by my treatment
IP22.My treatment can control my illness
IP23. There is nothing which can help my condition
IP24. The symptoms of my condition are puzzling to me
IP25. My illness is a mystery to me
IP26. I don't understand my illness
IP27. My illness doesn't make any sense to me
IP28. I have a clear picture or understanding of my condition
IP29. The symptoms of my illness change a great deal from day to day
IP30. My symptoms come and go in cycles
IP31. My illness is very unpredictable
IP32. I go through cycles in which my illness gets better and worse
IP33. I get depressed when I think about my illness
IP34. When I think about my illness I get upset
IP35. My illness makes me feel angry
IP36. My illness does not worry me
IP37. Having this illness makes me feel anxious
IP38. My illness makes me feel afraid
We are interested in what you consider may have been the cause of your illness. As people are very different, there is no correct answer for this question. We are most interested in your own views about the factors that caused your illness rather than what others including doctors or family may have suggested to you. Below is a list of possible causes for your illness. Please indicate how much you agree or disagree that they were causes for you by ticking the appropriate box.
C1.  Stress or worry
C2.  Hereditary - it runs in my family
C3.  A germ or virus
C4.  Diet or eating habits
C5.  Chance or bad luck
C6.  Poor medical care in my past
C7.  Pollution in the environment
C8.  My own behaviour
C9.  My mental attitude e.g. thinking about life negatively
C10. Family problems or worries caused my illness
C11. Overwork
C12. My emotional state e.g. feeling down, lonely, anxious, empty
C13. Ageing
C14. Alcohol
C15. Smoking
C16. Accident or injury
C17. My personality
C18. Altered immunity
In the table below, please list in rank-order the three most important factors that you now believe caused YOUR illness. You may use any of the items from the box above, or you may have additional ideas of your own.
The most important causes for me:
1
2
3
Identity 
Timeline (acute/chronic)
Consequences
Personal control
Treatment control items
Illness coherence items
Timeline cyclical
Emotional representations
Directions: We are interested in the different ways that people respond to intense or prolonged pain (toothache, muscle strain, headache). Using a 0 ("Not at all") to 4 ("All the time") scale, please rate how much each of the following items describe how you respond when faced with intense or prolonged pain.
I get back out there
I still work to accomplish my goals
I push through it
I try to continue working
I like to stay active
I focus on positive thoughts
I keep a positive attitude
It doesn't affect my happiness
I still find joy in my life
I keep a hopeful attitude
I don't let it get me down
I don't let it upset me
I avoid negative thoughts
I try to stay relaxed
1. How frequently do you and your partner have sexual intercourse or activity?
2. How frequently would you like to have sexual intercourse or activity?
3. Does your partner have a problem with erections that affects your sexual activity?
4. Does your partner have a problem with premature ejaculation that affects your sexual activity?
5. Do you climax (have an orgasm) when masturbating?
6. Do you climax (have an orgasm) when having sexual intercourse with your partner?
7. Do you climax (have an orgasm) when you are caressed by your partner?
8. Do you notice any of the following when having sex with your partner: your breathing and pulse speed up, wetness in your vagina, pleasurable sensations in your breast and genital area?
9. Do you feel sexually excited (turned on) when having sexual activity with your partner?
10. How frequently do you feel sexual desire? This feeling may include wanting to have sex, planning to have sex, feeling frustrated due to lack of sex, etc.
11. Do you feel pain during sexual intercourse?
12. Do you feel that your vagina is so "dry" that intercourse cannot occur?
13. Is your vaginal opening so "tight" that intercourse cannot occur?
14. Does your partner complain that your vagina is too tight?
15. Do you avoid sexual activity because of the length of the vagina?
16. Do you avoid sexual intercourse because of bulging in the vagina (either the bladder, rectum or
vagina falling out?).
17. Do you engage in anal or oral sex because vaginal sexual activity is uncomfortable for any reason?
18. Are you incontinent of urine with sexual activity?
19. Are you incontinent of stool with sexual activity?
20. Does fear of incontinence (either stool or urine) restrict your sexual activity?
21. Does fear of embarrassment from incontinence restrict your sexual activity?
22. Overall, how satisfied are you with your sexual relationship with your partner?
23. Overall, how satisfied do you think your partner is with your sexual relationship?
24. How satisfied are you with the variety of sexual activities in you current sex life?
25. When you have sex with your partner, do you have negative emotional reactions such as fear,
disgust, shame or guilt?
26. How often did you feel satisfied after sexual activity?
27. How often were you able to achieve orgasm (climax)?
28. Compared to orgasms you have had in the past, how intense are the orgasms you have had in the past
six months?
29. Please complete the following sentence: In my relationship, I start activity leading to sexual intercourse...
30. Do you avoid sexual intercourse because of embarrassment?
31. Do you think that your partner avoids sexual intercourse with you because of your problems with
incontinence or bulging (either the bladder, rectum or vagina falling out)?
1. Asked for my ideas when we made a treatment plan.
2. Given choices about treatment to think about.
3. Asked to talk about any problems with my medicines or their effects.
4. Given a written list of things I should do to improve my health.
5. Satisfied that my care was well organized.
6. Shown how what I did to take care of myself influenced my condition.
7. Asked to talk about my goals in caring for my condition.
8. Helped to set specific goals to improve my eating or exercise.
9. Given a copy of my treatment plan.
10. Encouraged to go to a specific group or class to help me cope with my chronic condition.
11. Asked questions, either directly or on a survey, about my health habits.
12. Sure that my doctor or nurse thought about my values, beliefs, and traditions when they recommended treatments to me.
13. Helped to make a treatment plan that I could carry out in my daily life.
14. Helped to plan ahead so I could take care of my condition even in hard times.
15. Asked how my chronic condition affects my life.
16. Contacted after a visit to see how things were going.
17. Encouraged to attend programs in the community that could help me.
18. Referred to a dietitian, health educator, or counselor.
19. Told how my visits with other types of doctors, like an eye doctor or other specialist, helped my treatment.
20. Asked how my visits with other doctors were going.
Patient Activation (items 1-3):
Delivery System Design/Decision Support (items 4-6):
Goal Setting (items 7-11):
Problem-solving/Contextual Counseling (items 12-15):
Follow-up/Coordination (items 16-20):
Total score:
Finding your ACE Score ra hbr 10 24 06   While you were growing up, during your first 18 years of life:
Did a parent or other adult in the household often ...Swear at you, insult you, put you down, or humiliate you?orAct in a way that made you afraid that you might be physically hurt?
Did a parent or other adult in the household often ...Push, grab, slap, or throw something at you?orEver hit you so hard that you had marks or were injured?
Did an adult or person at least 5 years older than you ever...Touch or fondle you or have you touch their body in a sexual way?orTry to or actually have oral, anal, or vaginal sex with you?
Did you often feel that ...No one in your family loved you or thought you were important or special?orYour family didn't look out for each other, feel close to each other, or support each other? 
Did you often feel that ...You didn't have enough to eat, had to wear dirty clothes, and had no one to protect you?orYour parents were too drunk or high to take care of you or take you to the doctor if you needed it?
Were your parents ever separated or divorced?
Was your mother or stepmother:Often pushed, grabbed, slapped, or had something thrown at her?orSometimes or often kicked, bitten, hit with a fist, or hit with something hard?orEver repeatedly hit over at least a few minutes or threatened with a gun or knife?
Did you live with anyone who was a problem drinker or alcoholic or who used street drugs?
Was a household member depressed or mentally ill or did a household member attempt suicide?
Did a household member go to prison?
Systolic BP
Heart rate
Respiratory rate
Temperature
AVPU Score
1. I try to feel distant from the pain, almost as if the pain was in someone else's body.
2. I try to think of something pleasant.
3. It's terrible and I feel it's never going to get any better.
4. I tell myself to be brave and carry on despite the pain.
5. I tell myself that I can overcome the pain.
6. It's awful and I feel that it overwhelms me.
7. I feel my life isn't worth living.
8. I pray to God it won't last long.
9. I try not to think of it as my body, but rather as something separate from me.
10. I don't think about the pain.
11. I tell myself I can't let the pain stand in the way of what I have to do.
12. I don't pay any attention to it.
13. I pretend it's not there.
14. I worry all the time about whether it will end.
15. I replay in my mind pleasant experiences in the past.
16. I think of people I enjoy doing things with.
17. I pray for the pain to stop.
18. I imagine that the pain is outside of my body.
19. I just go on as if nothing happened.
20. Although it hurts, I just keep on going.
21. I feel I can't stand it anymore.
22. I ignore it.
23. I rely on my faith in God.
24. I feel like I can't go on.
25. I think of things I enjoy doing.
26. I do something I enjoy, such as watching TV or listening to music.
27. I pretend it's not a part of me.
Kessler Psychological Distress Scale (K10)Source: Kessler R. Professor of Health Care Policy, Harvard MedicalSchool, Boston, USA.This is a 10-item questionnaire intended to yield a global measure of distress based on questions about anxiety and depressive symptoms that a person has experienced in the most recent 4 week period.Why use the K10The use of a consumer self-report measure is a desirable method of assessment because it is a genuine attempt on the part of the clinician to collect information on the patient's current condition and to establish a productive dialogue. When completing the K10 the consumer should be provided with privacy. (Information sourced from the NSW Mental health Outcomes and Assessment Training (MH-OAT) facilitator's Manual, NSW HealthDepartment 2001) How to administer the questionnaire As a general rule, patients who rate most commonly "Some of the time" or "All of the time" categories are in need of a more detailed assessment. Referral information should be provided to these individuals. Patients who rate most commonly "A little of the time" or "None of the time" may also benefit from early intervention and promotional information to assist raising awareness of the conditions of depression and anxiety as well as strategies to prevent future mental health issues. (Information sourced from the NSW Mental health Outcomes and Assessment Training (MH-OAT) facilitator's Manual, NSW Health Department 2001)
1. During the last 30 days, how often did you feel tired out for no good reason?
2. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel nervous?
3. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so nervous that nothing could calm you down?
4. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel hopeless?
5. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel restless or fidgety?
6. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so restless you could not sit still?
7. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel depressed?
8. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel that everything was an effort?
9. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so sad that nothing could cheer you up?
10. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel worthless?
Scoring FOR DOCTOR'S EYES ONLY This is a questionnaire for patients to complete. It is a measure of psychological distress. The numbers attached to the patients 10 responses are added up and the total score is the score on the Kessler Psychological Distress Scale (K10). Scores willrange from 10 to 50. People seen in primary care who  score under 20 are likely to be well  score 20-24 are likely to have a mild mental disorder  score 25-29 are likely to have moderate mental disorder  score 30 and over are likely to have a severe mental disorder 13% of the adult population will score 20 and over and about 1 in 4 patients seen in primary care will score 20 and over. This is a screening instrument and practitioners should make a clinical judgement as to whether a person needs treatment. Scores usually decline with effective treatment. Patients whose scores remain above 24 after treatment should be reviewed and specialist referral considered. References: Kessler, R.C., Andrews, G., Colpe, .et al (2002) Short screening scales to monitor population prevalences and trends in non-specific psychological distress.Psychological Medicine, 32, 959-956. Andrews, G., Slade, T (2001). Interpreting scores on the Kessler Psychological DistressScale (k10). Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health, 25, 494-497.
Scoring instructions attached.  Note:  Items 5, 13, 28, 33 are reverse scored, and it is reflected in the coding.
PATIENT REPORTED IMPACT OF SPASTICITY MEASURE  The following questions are about your experience of abnormal muscle control or involuntary muscle movement. Different people have different terms they use for abnormal muscle control and involuntary muscle movement. Some of these terms are: ·Spasticity ·Muscle stiffness (tone ·Spasms ·Clonus (bouncing) ·When muscles don't cooperate together like they're supposed to ·When trying to move one part of the body causes another part to move also By circling or marking one of the numbers in the boxes on the right, please indicate how well each of the following statements applies to your experience during the PAST WEEK.
1. Made me anxious about going out in public.
2. Bothered me a lot.
3. Made grooming (hair, teeth) difficult for me or my attendant.
4. Made me need someone to reposition me.
5. Helped me keep my muscles exercised.
6. Made me need more treatment than I could afford.
7. Kept me from going out among strangers.
8. Caused me to feel hopeless.
9. Made me feel out of control of my body.
10. Made dressing difficult for me or my attendant.
11. Kept me from being as happy as I could be.
12. Caused me to depend on others.
13. Helped me stretch my muscles.
14. Caused me to increased the amount of prescription medication I took.
15. Kept me from wanting to go out in public.
16. Made me feel frustrated.
17. Made personal hygiene (e.g. toileting, cleaning) difficult for me or my attendant.
18. Made me want to find alternative, non-medical therapies.
19. Made me anxious about going out with friends.
20. Caused me to need safety devices (bed rails, foot loop).
21. Made eating or feeding difficult for me or my attendant.
22. Interfered with romantic relationship.
23. Made me feel powerless.
24. Caused me embarrassment.
25. Made me want encouragement or emotional support from friends and family.
26. Interfered with sexual activity.
27. Caused strangers to notice me.
28. Helped with transfers (e.g. from chair to bed).
29. Caused me to avoid physical contact with other people.
30. Caused me to use over-the-counter medications.
31. Caused others to avoid touching me.
32. Put me in a bad mood.
33. Helped me or my attendant change my position.
34. Made me feel depressed.
35. Interfered with my ability to exercise.
36. Drastically changed the position of my body
37. Made me fearful that I would cause myself physical injury.
38. Made transfers hard for me or my attendant.
39. Caused strangers to stare at me.
40. Kept me from going out with friends.
41. Made it hard to keep my arms or legs inside my chair.
Social Avoidance/Anxiety
Psychological Agitation
Daily Activities
Need for Assistance/Positioning
Positive Impace
Need for Intervention
Social Embarrassment
COVID-19 Vaccine Survey
Did you receive the first dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your first dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Did you receive the second dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your second dose?
Please specify:
Since receiving your COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
When a COVID-19 vaccine is available to you, how likely are you to get vaccinated?
What factors might make you less likely to get the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
When a second COVID-19 vaccine is available to you, how likely are you to get vaccinated?
What factors might make you less likely to get the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Did you receive an additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine.
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
If an additional dose is available to you, how likely are you to get vaccinated?
What factors might make you less likely to get an additional dose? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Have you received a dose in addition to the one(s) previously indicated? This includes boosters or additional full doses of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
Enter date of vaccination. If you can't remember the exact date you received your vaccine, use your best guess.
Which vaccine did you receive for your additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccination?
Please specify:
Since receiving your additional COVID-19 vaccine, have you experienced any of the following adverse reactions related to the vaccine? Please select all that apply.
Please specify:
What type of vaccine did you receive for the additional dose?
Please specify:
Thank you for taking this COVID-19 Vaccine Survey! Now that you've shared your experience with the All of Us Research Program, please remember to click the 'Submit' button to record your responses. We may be in touch to ask you about your future COVID-19 vaccination experiences. If you are interested in additional resources about COVID-19 vaccine research, please click on the COVID-19 section under the Learning Center Tab in your portal. 
Patient's name:
Date of interview:
Date of birth:
Date of injury:
Gender:
Age at injury:
Interval post-injury:
Respondent:
Interviewer:
1. Is the head-injured person able to obey simple commands or say any words?   Anyone who shows ability to obey even simple commands, or utter any word or communicate specifically in any other way is no longer considered to be in the vegetative state. Eye movements are not reliable evidence of meaningful responsiveness. Corroborate with nursing staff. Confirmation of VS requires full assessment as in the Royal College of Physician Guidelines.
2a. Is the assistance of another person at home essential every day for some activities of daily living?   For a 'No' answer they should be able to look after themselves at home for 24 hours if necessary, though they need not actually look after themselves. Independence includes the ability to plan for and carry out the following activities: getting washed, putting on clean clothes without prompting, preparing food for themselves, dealing with callers, and handling minor domestic crises. The person should be able to carry out activities without needing prompting or reminding, and should be capable of being left alone overnight.
2b. Do they need frequent help or someone to be around at home most of the time?   For a 'No' answer they should be able to look after themselves at home for up to 8 hours during the day if necessary, though they need not actually look after themselves. 
2c. Was assistance at home essential before the injury?
3a. Are they able to shop without assistance?   This includes being able to plan what to buy, take care of money themselves, and behave appropriately in public. They need not normally shop, but must be able to do so.
3b. Were they able to shop without assistance before the injury?
4a. Are they able to travel locally without assistance?  They may drive or use public transport to get around. Ability to use a taxi is sufficient, provided the person can phone for it themselves and instruct the driver.
4b. Were they able to travel without assistance before the injury?
5a. Are they currently able to work to their previous capacity?   If they were working before, then their current capacity for work should be at the same level. If they were seeking work before, then the injury should not have adversely affected their chances of obtaining work or the level of work for which they are eligible. If the patient was a student before injury then their capacity for study should not have been adversely affected.
5b. How restricted are they?
5c. Were they either working or seeking employment before the injury (answer 'yes') or were they doing neither (answer 'no')?
6a. Are they able to resume regular social and leisure activities outside home?   They need not have resumed all their previous leisure activities, but should not be prevented by physical or mental impairment. If they have stopped the majority of activities because of loss of interest or motivation then this is also considered a disability.
6b. What is the extent of restriction on their social and leisure activities?
6c. Did they engage in regular social and leisure activities outside home before the injury?
7a. Have there been psychological problems which have resulted in ongoing family disruption or disruption to friendships?   Typical post-traumatic personality changes: quick temper, irritability, anxiety, insensitivity to others, mood swings, depression, and unreasonable or childish behaviour.
7b. What has been the extent of disruption or strain?
7c. Were there problems with family or friends before the injury?   If there were some problems before injury, but these have become markedly worse since injury then answer 'No' to Q7c.
8a. Are there any other current problems relating to the injury which affect daily life?   Other typical problems reported after head injury: headaches, dizziness, tiredness, sensitivity to noise or light, slowness, memory failures, and concentration problems.
8b. Were similar problems present before the injury?   If there were some problems before injury, but these have become markedly worse since injury then answer 'No' to Q8b.
Since the injury has the head injured person had any epileptic fits?
Have they been told that they are currently at risk of developing epilepsy?
What is the most important factor in outcome?
Scoring: The patient's overall rating is based on the lowest outcome category indicated on the scale. Refer to Guidelines for further information concerning administration and scoring  -------------------------------------------------------- 1 Dead 2 Vegetative State (VS) 3 Lower Severe Disability (Lower SD) 4 Upper Severe Disability (Upper SD) 5 Lower Moderate Disability (Lower MD) 6 Upper Moderate Disability (Upper MD) 7 Lower Good Recovery (Lower GR) 8 Upper Good Recovery (Upper GR) -----------------------------------------------------
1. There is a special person who is around when I am in need
2. There is a special person with whom I can share joys and sorrows
3. My family really tries to help me
4. I get the emotional help & support I need from my family
5. I have a special person who is a real source of comfort to me
6. My friends really try to help me
7. I can count on my friends when things go wrong
8. I can talk about my problems with my family
9. I have friends with whom I can share my joys and sorrows
10. There is a special person in my life who cares about my feelings
11. My family is willing to help me make decisions
12. I can talk about my problems with my friends
Temperature - rectal (degrees)
Celsius or Fahrenheit?
Degrees Celsius
Mean Arterial Pressure - mm Hg
Heart Rate (ventricular response)
Respiratory Rate (non-ventilated or ventilated)
Oxygenation: FIO2 = ?
a. FIO2 ³0.5 record A-aDO2
b. FIO2 < 0.5 record PaO2
Arterial pH (preferred) or Serum HCO3 (venous mEq/l) (not preferred, but may use if no ABGs)?
Arterial pH
Serum HCO3
Serum Sodium (mEq/l)
Serum Potassium (mEq/l)
Serum Creatinine (mg/dl) Double point score for acute renal failure
Hematocrit (%)
White Blood Count (total/mm3) (in 1000s)
Glasgow Coma Score (GCS)  Score = 15 minus actual GCS
A. Total Acute Physiology Score (sum of 12 above points)
B. Age points (years)
C. Chronic Health Points (see below)   Does the patient have a history of severe organ system insufficiency or is immunocompromised as defined below?  Definitions: organ insufficiency or immunocompromised state must have been evident prior to this hospital admission and conform to the following criteria:  Liver - biopsy proven cirrhosis and documented portal hypertension; episodes of past upper GI bleeding attributed to portal hypertension; or prior episodes of hepatic failure/encephalopathy/coma.  Cardiovascular - New York Heart Association Class IV.  Respiratory - Chronic restrictive, obstructive, or vascular disease resulting in severe exercise restriction (i.e., unable to climb stairs or perform household duties; or documented chronic hypoxia, hypercapnia, secondary polycythemia, severe pulmonary hypertension (>40 mmHg), or respirator dependency.  Renal - receiving chronic dialysis. Immunocompromised - the patient has received therapy that suppresses resistance to infection (e.g., immunosuppression, chemotherapy, radiation, long term or recent high dose steroids, or has a disease that is sufficiently advanced to suppress resistance to infection, e.g., leukemia, lymphoma, AIDS).
If yes assign points as follows: 5 points for nonoperative or emergency postoperative patients 2 points for elective postoperative patients 
Total APACHE II Score (add together the points from A+B+C)
This survey asks questions about you, your work, and your home life. This is to better understand how they may affect health. To ensure your privacy, your name will be separated from your answers before they are shared with researchers. 

It takes about 10-15 minutes to answer these questions. Please answer each question as honestly as possible. There are no right or wrong answers to any of the questions. It is important that you answer as many questions as you can. We are looking for your own answers, and not what you think your doctors, family, or friends want you to say.

Don't feel like you have to spend a long time on each question. The first answer that comes to you is usually the best one. If you aren't sure how to answer a question, choose the best answer from the options given.
In what country were you born? 
Please specify.
Which categories describe you? Select all that apply. Note, you may select more than one group. 
Please specify.
American Indian or Alaska Native (Select all that apply)
Provide the name of the tribe in which you are enrolled  or affiliated or your tribal descent. (for example, Navajo Nation, Blackfeet Tribe, Mayan, Aztec, Native Village of Barrow Inupiat Traditional Government, Nome Eskimo Community, etc.)

Please specify.
Asian (Select all that apply)
Please specify.
Black, African American or African (Select all that apply)
Please specify.
Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish (Select all that apply)
Please specify.
Middle Eastern or North African (Select all that apply)
Please specify.
Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander (Select all that apply)
Please specify.
White (Select all that apply)
Please specify.
What was your biological sex assigned at birth? 
Please specify.
What terms best express how you describe your gender identity? (Check all that apply) 
Are any of these a closer description to your gender identity? (Check all that apply)
Please specify.
Which of the following best represents how you think of yourself? (Check all that apply)
Are any of these a closer description of how you think of yourself?
Please specify.
What is the highest grade or year of school you completed? 
Have you ever served on active duty in the United States Armed Forces, either in the regular military or in a National Guard or military reserve unit? 

Note: Active duty does not include training for the Reserves or National Guard, but DOES include activation, for example, for the Persian Gulf War.
What is your current marital status? 
Not including yourself, how many other people live at home with you?
Think of other people who live with you. How many are under the age of 18 years? 
Are you covered by health insurance or some other kind of health care plan? 
Are you currently covered by any of the following types of health insurance or health coverage plans? Select all that apply from one group.
Please specify.
Are you deaf or do you have serious difficulty hearing?
Are you blind or do you have serious difficulty seeing, even when wearing glasses?
Because of a physical, mental, or emotional condition, do you have serious difficulty concentrating, remembering or making decisions?
Do you have serious difficulty walking or climbing stairs?
Do you have difficulty dressing or bathing?
Because of a physical, mental, or emotional condition, do you have difficulty doing errands alone such as visiting doctor's office or shopping?
What is your current employment status? Please select 1 or more of these categories. 
Sharing where you work may help us learn about how the environment affects health. Sharing your work address is your choice. You can say no and still take part in the program. 

What is your work street address?
 Address 1
Address 2
City
State
Zip Code
Country
One of the things we're trying to understand is how people's income may affect their use of health services.  Household income includes your income plus the income of all family members in your household for the last calendar year.  Include all wages and other sources of income.

What is your annual household income from all sources?
Do you own or rent the place where you live?
Where are you currently living?
Please specify where you are currently living.
How many years have you lived at your current address?
In the past 6 months, have you been worried or concerned about NOT having a place to live?
What is your Social Security Number?
Social Security Number
The All of Us Research Program may contact you periodically to gather additional health related information. In case we cannot contact you, please provide the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of 2 relatives or friends who would know where you could be reached in case we have trouble reaching you. (Please give us the names of persons not currently living in the household)
First Name
Middle Initial
Last Name
Address 1
Address 2
City
State
Zip Code
Email Address
Phone Number
Relationship to you:
First Name
Middle Initial
Last Name
Address 1
Address 2
City
State
Zip Code
Email Address
Phone Number
Relationship to You
Gender
Race
Patient's Date of Birth
Ethnicity
ZIP Code
Payment Method
Country of Residence
Date Completed
CDC Race Code
CDC Ethnicity Code
Highest Education Level
Where were you born
Highest Education Level
Census Tract Code at Enrollment
Marital Status
1. I have been less alert.
2. I have had difficulty paying attention for long periods of time.
3. I have been unable to think clearly.
4. I have been clumsy and uncoordinated.
5. I have been forgetful.
6. I have had to pace myself in my physical activities.
7. I have been less motivated to do anything that requires physical effort.
8. I have been less motivated to participate in social activities.
9. I have been limited in my ability to do things away from home.
10. I have trouble maintaining physical effort for long periods.
11. I have had difficulty making decisions.
12. I have been less motivated to do anything that requires thinking
13. My muscles have felt weak
14. I have been physically uncomfortable.
15. I have had trouble finishing tasks that require thinking.
16. I have had difficulty organizing my thoughts when doing things at home or at work.
17. I have been less able to complete tasks that require physical effort.
18. My thinking has been slowed down.
19. I have had trouble concentrating.
20. I have limited my physical activities.
21. I have needed to rest more often or for longer periods.
Instructions for Scoring the MFIS
Items on the MFIS can be aggregated into three subscales (physical, cognitive, and psychosocial), as well as into a total MFIS score. All items are scaled so that higher scores indicate a greater impact of fatigue on a person's activities.
Physical Subscale
Cognitive Subscale
Psychosocial Subscale
Total MFIS Score
Date:
1. Walking to the bathroom.
2. Walking up stairs.
3. Doing something with a friend. (For example, playing a game.)
4. Doing chores at home.
5. Eating regular meals.
6. Being up all day without a nap or rest.
7. Riding the school bus or traveling in the car.
8. Being at school all day.
9. Doing the activities in gym class (or playing sports).
10. Reading or doing homework.
11. Watching TV.
12. Walking the length of a football field.
13. Running the length of a football field.
14.Going shopping.
15. Getting to sleep at night and staying asleep.
1. I can't think straight when in pain
2. During painful episodes it is difficult for me to think of anything besides the pain
3. When I hurt I think about pain constantly
4. I find it hard to concentrate when I hurt
5. I worry when I am in pain
6. I go immediately to bed when I feel severe pain
7. I will stop any activity as soon as I sense pain coming on
8. As soon as pain comes on I take medication to reduce it
9. I avoid important activities when I hurt
10. I try to avoid activities that cause pain
11. I think that if my pain gets too severe it will never decrease
12. When I feel pain I am afraid that something terrible will happen
13. When I feel pain I think I might be seriously ill
14. Pain sensations are terrifying
15. When pain comes on strong I think that I might become paralyzed or more disabled
16. I begin trembling when engaged in activity that increases pain
17. Pain seems to cause my heart to pound or race
18. When I sense pain I feel dizzy or faint
19. Pain makes me nauseous
20. I find it difficult to calm my body down after periods of pain
June 2020 Covid-19 Participant Experience (COPE) Survey
What should I know before participating?

The All of Us Research Program is interested in understanding the changes in your experiences and health during the time of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. Help us learn more by completing this survey. Participating in this survey may help researchers around the world better understand the impact of COVID-19 during this challenging time. The All of Us Research Program will repeat this survey throughout the pandemic.

The questions in this survey may be sensitive and may cause worry or anxiety. Remember, your privacy is very important to us. Your name and identity will be separated from your answers before information is shared with approved researchers. 

No one will monitor your answers in real time. But, based on your answers, the system may suggest free phone and text resources to help you.
You can choose not to answer any question at any time. This survey will take approximately 20 to 30 minutes to complete.
Please answer each question as honestly as possible. We are looking for your own answers, and not what you think your doctors, family, or friends want you to say.

Don't feel like you must spend a long time on each question. The first answer that comes to you is usually the best one. If you aren't sure how to answer a question, choose the best answer from the options given. 

Some questions also let you say if you don't know an answer or would rather not answer. Some of the questions may be sensitive. You can choose not to answer any question.
In the past month, have recommendations for socially distancing caused stress for you?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have stayed home all day (aside from time spent outdoors, but never closer than 6 feet from people who are not from my home).
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have gone to my workplace or volunteer site that is outside my home.
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings outside my home of MORE than 10 people.
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings outside my home of LESS than 10 people.
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have gone on shopping trips or outings that were "just for fun".
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have visited nursing homes or long-term care facilities (outside of work duties).
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have been in close contact with someone who is in a risk group for COVID-19 (adults age 50+, people with chronic medical conditions like heart, lung, liver, or kidney disease, diabetes, high blood pressure, or a suppressed immune system). This includes someone inside or outside of your household.
Thinking about these activities in the last 5 days, my social interaction with people outside my home was
Now, thinking about the COVID-19 recommendations and mandates...How often in the past month are you doing the recommended pandemic hygiene, like washing hands frequently, avoiding touching your face, covering coughs, wearing a mask, and avoiding frequently touched surfaces in public places?

In the past month, have you been sick for more than one day with a new illness related to COVID-19 or flu-like symptoms?
Approximate date of onset
Which of the following symptoms did you have? (select all that apply)
Have you EVER been near someone that you know, or suspect, had COVID-19 (such as co-workers, family members, or others)? Select all that apply.
Do you think you have had COVID-19?
Were you tested for COVID-19 in the past month?
Was the test for COVID-19 positive?
How were you tested? Select all that apply.
Were you tested for influenza (flu) in the past month?
In the past month, if you were sick with COVID-19 symptoms, how did you receive treatment(s)? Please select all that apply.
What breathing treatment did you receive? Please select all that apply.
What other breathing treatment did you receive? Please specify
In the past 7 days, I thought about COVID-19 when I didn't mean to.
In the past 7 days, I felt watchful or on-guard.
In the past 7 days, other things kept making me think about COVID-19.
In the past 7 days, I was aware that I still had a lot of feelings about COVID-19, but I didn't deal with them.
In the past 7 days, I tried not to think about COVID-19.
In the past 7 days, I had trouble concentrating.
In the past month, how has the COVID-19 outbreak affected you? Please select all that apply.
In the past month, have you experienced the following as a result of COVID-19? Select all that apply.
In the past month, have the following behaviors increased in your household? Select all that apply.
In the past month, to cope with social distancing and isolation, are you doing any of the following? Select all that apply.
Choose the answer that best describes how you felt in the past month.
In uncertain times, I usually expect the best.
Choose the answer that best describes how you felt in the past month.
In general, how happy are you?
Choose the answer that best describes how you felt in the past month.
To what extent do you feel your life to be meaningful?
Not including yourself, how many other people live at home with you? 
Think of other people who live with you. How many are under the age of 18 years?
What type of household do you live in?
Please specify.
What is your current employment status? Select all that apply.
Are you covered by health insurance or some other kind of health care plan?
Are you currently covered by any of the following types of health insurance or health care plans? Select all that apply.
Other health insurance or health coverage plan. Please specify.
Are you currently on chemotherapy or immunotherapy?
Do you regularly take immunosuppressant medications (including steroids, methotrexate, biologic agents)?
What is your current marital status?
Are you currently pregnant?
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to help you if you were confined to bed
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to take you to the doctor if you needed it
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to prepare your meals if you were unable to do it yourself
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to help with daily chores if you were sick
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to have a good time with
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to turn to for suggestions about how to deal with a personal problem
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone who understands your problems
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to love and make you feel wanted
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to confide in or talk to about yourself or your problems
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to do things with to help you get your mind off things
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Not being able to stop or control worrying
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Worrying too much about different things
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Trouble relaxing
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Being so restless that it's hard to sit still
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Becoming easily annoyed or irritable
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Feeling afraid as if something awful might happen
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Little interest or pleasure in doing things
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Feeling tired or having little energy
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Poor appetite or overeating
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Feeling bad about yourself or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family down
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed? Or the opposite - being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself in some way
If this is how you feel, think about getting help. There are people who can help 24/7.

Text the Crisis Text Line at 741741 orCall the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.

In the last month, how often have you been upset because of something that happened unexpectedly?
In the last month, how often have you felt that you were unable to control the important things in your life?
In the last month, how often have you felt nervous and "stressed"?
In the last month, how often have you felt confident about your ability to handle your personal problems?
In the last month, how often have you felt that things were going your way?
In the last month, how often have you found that you could not cope with all the things that you had to do?
In the last month, how often have you been able to control irritations in your life?
In the last month, how often have you felt that you were on top of things?
In the last month, how often have you been angered because of things that were outside of your control?
In the last month, how often have you felt difficulties were piling up so high that you could not overcome them?
Think about all the vigorous activities that you did in the last 7 days. Vigorous physical activities refer to activities that take hard physical effort and make you breathe much harder than normal. Think only about those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.

During the last 7 days, did you do vigorous physical activities like heavy lifting, digging, aerobics, or fast bicycling?
How many days per week?
Minutes per day (Please enter a number)

Note:  Half an hour=30 minutes, 1 hour=60 minutes, 1 and a half hours=90 minutes

Think about all the moderate activities that you did in the last 7 days. Moderate activities refer to activities that take moderate physical effort and make you breathe somewhat harder than normal. Think only about those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.

During the last 7 days, did you do moderate physical activity like carrying light loads, bicycling at a regular pace, or doubles tennis?
How many days per week?
Minutes per day (Please enter a number)

Note:  Half an hour=30 minutes, 1 hour=60 minutes, 1 and a half hours=90 minutes
Think about the time you spent walking in the last 7 days. This includes at work and at home, walking to travel from place to place, and any other walking that you have done solely for recreation, sport, exercise, or leisure.

During the last 7 days, did you walk for at least 10 minutes at a time?
How many days per week?
Minutes per day (Please enter a number)

Note:  Half an hour=30 minutes, 1 hour=60 minutes, 1 and a half hours=90 minutes
The last question is about the time you spent sitting on weekdays during the last 7 days. Include time spent at work, at home, while doing course work and during leisure time. This may include time spent sitting at a desk, visiting friends, reading, or sitting or lying down to watch television.

During the last 7 days, how much time did you spend sitting on a weekday?

Please select below to enter the amount of time in minutes OR hours.
Hours per day (Please enter a number between 0-24)
Minutes per day (Please enter a number between 0-1440)
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I lack companionship
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
There is no one I can turn to
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I am an outgoing person
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I feel left out
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I feel isolated from others
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I can find companionship when I want it
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I am unhappy being so withdrawn
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
People are around me but not with me
In the past month:
Did you smoke tobacco/nicotine (including cigarettes, cigar, cigarillos, pipes, hookah) every day, some days, or not at all?
How long has it been since you last smoked?
Enter the number of weeks
Enter the number of months
Enter the number of years
In the past month:
Did someone in your home smoke tobacco/nicotine (including cigarettes, cigar, cigarillos, pipes, hookah) every day, some days, or not at all?
In the past month:
Did you use any type of electronic nicotine product? This includes e- cigarettes, vape pens, hookah pens, personal vaporizers and mods, e-cigars, e-pipes, and e-hookahs.
How long has it been since you last used an electronic nicotine product?
Enter the number of weeks
Enter the number of months
Enter the number of years
In the past month:
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
In the past month:
How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day?
In the past month:
How often do you have six or more drinks containing alcohol on one occasion?
In the past month, have you used any of the following drugs? Select all that apply. 
How often did you use cannabis?
Did your use include smoking cannabis?
Do you think you have used more or less cannabis in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use synthetic marijuana or fake weed?
Did your use include smoking synthetic marijuana or fake weed?
Do you think you have used more or less synthetic marijuana or fake weed in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use cocaine?
Did your use include smoking cocaine?
Do you think you have used more or less cocaine in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use prescription stimulants?
Did you use prescription stimulants in any way a doctor did not direct you to use it?
Do you think you have used more or less prescription stimulants in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use methamphetamine?
Did your use include smoking methamphetamine?
Do you think you have used more or less methamphetamine in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use synthetic stimulants?
Did your use include smoking synthetic stimulants?
Do you think you have used more or less synthetic stimulants in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use inhalants?
Do you think you have used more or less inhalants in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use prescription sedatives or prescription sleeping pills?
Did you use prescription sedatives or prescription sleeping pills in any way a doctor did not direct you to use it?
Do you think you have used more or less prescription sedatives or prescription sleeping pills in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use hallucinogens?
Did your use include smoking hallucinogens?
Do you think you have used more or less hallucinogens in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use heroin?
Did your use include smoking heroin?
Do you think you have used more or less heroin in the past month than you used to?
Did you use prescription opioids in any way a doctor did not direct you to use it?
How often did you use prescription opioids?
Did your use include smoking prescription opioids?
Do you think you have used more or less prescription opioids in the past month than you used to?
Other substance - please specify
How often did you use the other substance?
Did your use include smoking the other substance?
Do you think you have used more or less of the other substance in the past month than you used to?
Please select the response that best reflects your behavior in the past month.
I look for creative ways to alter difficult situations.
Please select the response that best reflects your behavior in the past month.
Regardless of what happens to me, I believe I can control my reaction to it.
Please select the response that best reflects your behavior in the past month.
I believe I can grow in positive ways by dealing with difficult situations.
Please select the response that best reflects your behavior in the past month.
I actively look for ways to replace the losses I encounter in life.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You are treated with less courtesy than other people are.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You are treated with less respect than other people are.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You receive poorer service than other people at restaurants or stores.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
People act as if they think you are not smart.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
People act as if they are afraid of you.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
People act as if they think you are dishonest.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
People act as if they're better than you are.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You are called names or insulted.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You are threatened or harassed.
What do you think is the main reason(s) for these experiences? Select all that apply.
Other reason - please specify.
To learn more about COVID-19: 

For more information on mental health topics and research: \

If you or someone you care about needs help:
National Institute of Mental Health Getting Help page: 

Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration Treatment Locator:

For immediate assistance: National Suicide Prevention Lifeline:  or at1-800-273-8255 (En Espa
Thank You! Your responses are making a difference in health research.

Every day we learn more about COVID-19 and its impact. Your answers help researchers understand how people cope during a crisis like this.

Your privacy is very important to us. Your name and identity will be separated from your answers before information is shared with approved researchers.

Did You Know? Meditation can be done safely from home and can help lower stress.
Form B
Instructions: Each item below is a belief statement about your medical condition with which you may agree or
disagree. Beside each statement is a scale which ranges from strongly disagree (1) to strongly agree (6). For
each item we would like you to choose the number that represents the extent to which you agree or disagree
with that statement. The more you agree with a statement, the higher will be the number you choose. The more
you disagree with a statement, the lower will be the number you circle. Please make sure that you answer
EVERY ITEM and that you choose ONLY ONE number per item. This is a measure of your personal beliefs;
obviously, there are no right or wrong answers.
1. If I become sick, I have the power to make myself well again.
2. Often I feel that no matter what I do, if I am going to get sick, I will get sick.
3. If I see an excellent doctor regularly, I am less likely to have health problems.
4. It seems that my health is greatly influenced by accidental happenings.
5. I can only maintain my health by consulting health professionals.
6. I am directly responsible for my health.
7. Other people play a big part in whether I stay healthy or become sick.
8. Whatever goes wrong with my health is my own fault.
9. When I am sick, I just have to let nature run its course.
10. Health professionals keep me healthy.
11. When I stay healthy, I'm just plain lucky.
12. My physical well-being depends on how well I take care of myself.
13. When I feel ill, I know it is because I have not been taking care of myself properly.
14. The type of care I receive from other people is what is responsible for how well I recover from an illness.
15. Even when I take care of myself, it's easy to get sick.
16. When I become ill, it's a matter of fate.
17. I can pretty much stay healthy by taking good care of myself.
18. Following doctor's orders to the letter is the best way for me to stay healthy.
Date Study Participant Withdrew Consent
Type of Correspondence
Type of Correspondence Comments
Investigator Attestation
Date Study Participant Rescinded Consent Withdrawal
Reason for Withdrawal
Child's name:
Child's birthdate month:
Child's birthdate day:
Child's birthdate year:
Today's date:
Child's age years:
Child's age months:
Relation to child:
What other relation to child:
Sex of child:
cling to a parent?
get easily irritated?
seek out the company of the child? 
decide what to do very quickly and go after it? 
enjoy just being quietly sung to? 
choose to take chances for the fun and excitement of it?
play for more than 10 minutes? 
continue to play while at the same time responding to your remarks or questions? 
get very excited? 
fiddle with his/her hair, clothing, etc.?
like rough and rowdy games? 
seem eager to get away?
get involved immediately? 
tire of the activity relatively quickly? 
pay attention to you right away when you called to him/her?
seem to be irritated by tags in his/her clothes? 
become bothered by sounds while in noisy environments?
seem full of energy, even in the evening?  
seem afraid of large, noisy vehicles?
seem to be one of the most active children?
stop the forbidden activity? 
become sadly tearful?
seem to feel down or blue? 
run through the house? 
get very excited about getting it? 
have a temper tantrum? 
wait patiently? 
smile? 
mold to your body? 
want to interact with the adult? 
be careful with something breakable? 
not want to enter? 
cry for more than 3 minutes, even when being comforted?
become easily soothed? 
find another activity to do when asked?
enjoy playing with a number of different people? 
*These scales should NOT be used alone to make any diagnosis.   NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-TEACHER Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-TEACHER Informant
Today's Date
Child's Name
Date of Birth
Parent's Name
Parent's Phone Number
Is this evaluation based on a time when the child
1. Does not pay attention to details or makes careless mistakes with, for example, homework
2. Has difficulty keeping attention to what needs to be done
3. Does not seem to listen when spoken to directly
4. Does not follow through when given directions and fails to finish activities (not due to refusal or failure to understand)
5. Has difficulty organizing tasks and activities
6. Avoids, dislikes, or does not want to start tasks that require ongoing mental effort
7. Loses things necessary for tasks or activities (toys, assignments, pencils, or books)
8. Is easily distracted by noises or other stimuli
9. Is forgetful in daily activities
10. Fidgets with hands or feet or squirms in seat
11. Leaves seat when remaining seated is expected
12. Runs about or climbs too much when remaining seated is expected
13. Has difficulty playing or beginning quiet play activities
14. Is "on the go" or often acts as if "driven by a motor"
15. Talks too much
16. Blurts out answers before questions have been completed
17. Has difficulty waiting his or her turn
18. Interrupts or intrudes in on others' conversations and/or activities
19. Overall school performance
20. Reading
21. Writing
22. Mathematics
23. Relationship with parents
24. Relationship with siblings
25. Relationship with peers
26. Participation in organized activities (eg, teams)
Headache
Stomachache
Change of appetite-explain below
Trouble sleeping
Irritability in the late morning, late afternoon, or evening-explain below
Socially withdrawn-decreased interaction with others
Extreme sadness or unusual crying
Dull, tired, listless behavior
Tremors/feeling shaky
Repetitive movements, tics, jerking, twitching, eye blinking-explain below
Picking at skin or fingers, nail biting, lip or cheek chewing-explain below
Sees or hears things that aren't there
Explain/Comments:
Scoring Instructions for the NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scales
Total Symptom Score for questions 1-18:
Average Performance Score for questions 19-26:
1.	Have you been deliberately trying to limit the amount of food you eat to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)? 
2. Have you gone for long periods of time (8 waking hours or more) without eating anything at all in order to influence your shape or weight?
3. Have you tried to exclude from your diet any foods that you like in order to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)? 
4. Have you tried to follow definite rules regarding your eating (for example, a calorie limit) in order to influence your shape or weight (whether or not you have succeeded)?
5. Have you had a definite desire to have any empty stomach with the aim of influencing your shape or weight?
6. Have you had a definite desire to have a totally flat stomach? 
7. Has thinking about food, eating or calories made it very difficult to concentrate on things you are interested in (for example, working, following a conversation, or reading)?
8. Has thinking about shape or weight made it very difficult to concentrate on things you are interested in (for example, working, following a conversation, or reading)?
9. Have you had a definite fear of losing control over eating?
10. Have you had a definite fear that you might gain weight?
11. Have you felt fat?
12. Have you had a strong desire to lose weight?
13. Over the past 28 days, how many times have you eaten what other people would regard as an unusually large amount of food (given the circumstances)?
14. On how many of these times did you have a sense of having lost control over your eating (at the time that you were eating)?
15. Over the past 28 days, on how many DAYS have such episodes of overeating occurred (i.e., you have eaten an unusually large amount of food and have had a sense of loss of control at the time)? 
16. Over the past 28 days, how many times have you made yourself sick (vomit) as a means of controlling your shape or weight?


17. Over the past 28 days, how many times have you taken laxatives as a means of controlling your shape or weight?
18. Over the past 28 days, how many times have you exercised in a "driven" or "compulsive" way as a means of controlling your weight, shape or amount of fat, or to burn off calories?                            
19. Over the past 28 days, on how many days have you eaten in secret (ie, furtively)? ...Do not count episodes of binge eating
20. On what proportion of the times that you have eaten have you felt guilty (felt that you've done wrong) because of its effect on your shape or weight? ...Do not count episodes of binge eating
21. Over the past 28 days, how concerned have you been about other people seeing you eat? ...Do not count episodes of binge eating
22. Has your weight influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person?
23. Has your shape influenced how you think about (judge) yourself as a person?? 
24. How much would it have upset you if you had been asked to weigh yourself once a week (no more, or less, often) for the next four weeks? 
25. How dissatisfied have you been with your weight?  
26. How dissatisfied have you been with your shape?  
27. How unconmfortable have you felt seeing your body (for example, seeing your shape in the mirror, in a shop window reflection, while undressing or taking a bath or shower)? 
28. How uncomfortable have you felt about others seeing your shape or figure (for example, in communal changing rooms, when swimming, or wearing tight clothes)?
What is your weight at present? (please give your best estimate.)
What is your height? (Please give your best estimate.)
If female: Over the past three-to-four months have you missed any mentrual periods?
If so, how many?
Have you been taking the "pill"?
INSTRUCTIONS: This survey asks for your view about your hip. This information will help us keep track of how you feel about your hip and how well you are able to do your usual activities. Answer every question by ticking the appropriate circle, only one circle for each question. If you are uncertain about how to answer a question, please give the best answer you can.
These questions should be answered thinking of your hip symptoms and difficulties during the last week.
S1. Do you feel grinding, hear clicking or any other type of noise from your hip?
S2. Difficulties spreading legs wide apart
S3. Difficulties to stride out when walking
The following questions concern the amount of joint stiffness you have experienced during the last week in your hip. Stiffness is a sensation of restriction or slowness in the ease with which you move your hip joint.
S4. How severe is your hip joint stiffness after first wakening in the morning?
S5. How severe is your hip stiffness after sitting, lying or resting later in the day?
P1. How often is your hip painful?
What amount of hip pain have you experienced the last week during the following activities?
P2. Straightening your hip fully
P3. Bending your hip fully
P4. Walking on a flat surface
P5. Going up or down stairs
P6. At night while in bed
P7. Sitting or lying
P8. Standing upright
P9. Walking on a hard surface (asphalt, concrete, etc.)
P10. Walking on an uneven surface
The following questions concern your physical function. By this we mean your ability to move around and to look after yourself. For each of the following activities please indicate the degree of difficulty you have experienced in the last week due to your hip.
A1. Descending stairs
A2. Ascending stairs
A3. Rising from sitting
A4. Standing
A5. Bending to the floor/pick up an object
A6. Walking on a flat surface
A7. Getting in/out of car
A8. Going shopping
A9. Putting on socks/stockings
A10. Rising from bed
A11. Taking off socks/stockings
A12. Lying in bed (turning over, maintaining hip position)
A13. Getting in/out of bath
A14. Sitting
A15. Getting on/off toilet
A16. Heavy domestic duties (moving heavy boxes, scrubbing floors, etc.)
A17. Light domestic duties (cooking, dusting, etc.)
The following questions concern your physical function when being active on a higher level. The questions should be answered thinking of what degree of difficulty you have experienced during the last week due to your hip.
SP1. Squatting
SP2. Running
SP3. Twisting/pivoting on loaded leg
SP4. Walking on uneven surface
Q1. How often are you aware of your hip problem?
Q2. Have you modified your life style to avoid activities potentially damaging to your hip?
Q3. How much are you troubled with lack of confidence in your hip?
Q4. In general, how much difficulty do you have with your hip?
Enter the name of your doctor here:
Core 1. Did you get care from the doctor named above in the last 12 months?
Core 2. Is this the doctor you usually see if you need a check-up, want advice about a health problem, or get sick or hurt?
DR1. Specialists are doctors like surgeons, heart doctors, allergy doctors, skin doctors, and other doctors who specialize in one area of health care. Is this doctor a specialist?
Core 3. How long have you been going to this doctor?
Core 4. In the last 12 months, how many times did you visit this doctor to get care for yourself?
Core 5. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office to get an appointment for an illness, injury or condition that needed care right away?
Core 6. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office to get an appointment for care you needed right away, how often did you get an appointment as soon as you thought you needed?
WU1. In the last 12 months, when you contacted this doctor's office to get an appointment for care you needed right away, how long did you usually have to wait between trying to get an appointment and actually seeing someone?
Core 7. In the last 12 months, did you make any appointments for a check-up or routine care with this doctor?
Core 8. In the last 12 months, when you made an appointment for a check-up or routine care with this doctor, how often did you get an appointment as soon as you thought you needed?
Core 9. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office with a medical question during regular office hours?
Core 10. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office during regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question that same day?
Core 11. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office with a medical question after regular office hours?
Core 12. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office after regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question as soon as you needed?
AE1. In the last 12 months, did you e-mail this doctor's office with a medical question?
AE2. In the last 12 months, when you e-mailed this doctor's office, how often did you get an answer to your medical question as soon as you needed?
Core 13. Wait time includes time spent in the waiting room and exam room. In the last 12 months, how often did you see this doctor within 15 minutes of your appointment time?
KI1. In the last 12 months, after you checked in for your appointment at this doctor's office, were you ever kept informed about how long you would need to wait for your appointment to start?
Core 14. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor explain things in a way that was easy to understand?
HL1. In the last 12 months, how often were the explanations this doctor gave you hard to understand because of an accent or the way the doctor spoke English?
HL2. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor use medical words you did not understand?
HL3. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor talk too fast when talking with you?
HL4. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor use pictures, drawings, or models to explain things to you?
a) What was wrong with you?
b) The reason for treatment?
c) What a medicine was for?
d) How to take a medicine?
e) Results of a blood test, x-ray or other test?
f) What to do if a condition got worse or came back?
g) Something else?
Please specify
Core 15. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor listen carefully to you?
HL5. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor ignore what you told him or her?
HL6. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor interrupt you when you were talking?
HL7. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor show interest in your questions and concerns?
HL8. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor answer all your questions to your satisfaction?
HL9. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you all the information you wanted about your health?
HL10. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor encourage you to talk about all your health problems or concerns?
Core 16. In the last 12 months, did you talk with this doctor about any health problems or concerns?
HPC1. Did this doctor help you with these problems or concerns?
Core 17. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about taking care of these health problems or concerns?
HI1. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about specific things you could do to prevent illness?
HP1. In the last 12 months, did you need this doctor's help in making changes to prevent illness?
HP2. In the last 12 months, did this doctor give you the help you needed to make changes to prevent illness?
HP3. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about a healthy diet and healthy eating habits?
HP4. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about the exercise or physical activity you get?
HP5. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about things in your life that worry you or cause you stress?
HP6. In the last 12 months, did this doctor ever ask you whether there was a period of time when you felt sad, empty or depressed?
Core 18. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor seem to know the important information about your medical history?
HL11. In the last 12 months, did you see this doctor for a specific illness or for any health condition?
HL12. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about what to do to take care of this illness or health condition?
HL13. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor ask you to describe how you were going to follow these instructions?
HL14. Sometimes doctors give instructions that are hard to follow. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor ask you whether you would have any problems doing what you need to do to take care of this illness or health condition?
HL15. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor explain what to do if this illness or health condition got worse or came back?
Core 19. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor show respect for what you had to say?
HL16. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor use a condescending, sarcastic, or rude tone or manner with you?
Core 20. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor spend enough time with you?
HL17. In the last 12 months, how often did you feel this doctor really cared about you as a person?
HL18. In the last 12 months, did this doctor prescribe any new medicines or change how much medicine you should take?
HL19. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about how to take your medicines?
HL20. In the last 12 months, did this doctor explain the possible side effects of your medicines?
HL21. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor explain the possible side effects of your medicines in a way that was easy to understand?
HL22. In the last 12 months, other than a prescription, did this doctor give you written information or write down information about how to take your medicines?
HL23. In the last 12 months, how often was the written information you were given easy to understand?
HL24. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor suggest ways to help you remember to take your medicines?
COC1. In the last 12 months, did you take any prescription medicine?
COC2. In the last 12 months, were you ever worried or concerned about the cost of your prescription medicine?
COC3. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about the cost of your prescription medicine?
PK1. In the last 12 months, did this doctor suggest you see a specialist for a particular health problem?
PK2. In the last 12 months, how often did the doctor named in Question 1 seem informed and up-to-date about the care you got from specialists?
DT1. In the last 12 months did this doctor ever examine you?
DT2. In the last 12 months, how often was this doctor as thorough as you thought you needed?
SD1. Choices for your treatment or health care can include choices about medicine, surgery, or other treatment. In the last 12 months, did this doctor tell you there was more than one choice for your treatment or health care?
SD2. In the last 12 months, did this doctor talk with you about the pros and cons of each choice for your treatment or health care?
SD3. In the last 12 months, when there was more than one choice for your treatment or health care, did this doctor ask which choice you thought was best for you?
a) Listen to your reasons for the visit?
b) Show concern for your physical comfort?
c) Describe his or her physical findings?
d) Explain the reason for any additional tests?
e) Describe the next steps for your care or treatment
a) Tests?
b) Choices for your care?
c) Treatment?
d) Plan for your care?
e) Medications?
f) Follow-up care?
Core 21. In the last 12 months, did this doctor order a blood test, x-ray or other test for you?
Core 22. In the last 12 months, when this doctor ordered a blood test, x-ray or other test for you, how often did someone from this doctor's office follow up to give you those results?
HL25. In the last 12 months, how often were the results of your blood test, x-ray or other test easy to understand?
COC4. In the last 12 months, were you ever worried or concerned about the cost of your blood tests, x-rays or other tests?
COC5. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about the cost of your blood tests, x-rays or other tests?
Core 23. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst doctor possible and 10 is the best doctor possible, what number would you use to rate this doctor?
HL26. In the last 12 months, did you have to fill out or sign any forms at this doctor's office?
HL27. In the last 12 months, how often did someone explain the purpose of a form before you signed it?
HL28. In the last 12 months, how often were you offered help in filling out a form at this doctor's office?
HL29. In the last 12 months, how often were the forms that you got at this doctor's office easy to fill out?
RC1. Would you recommend this doctor to your family and friends?
RC2. Please tell us how this doctor's office could have improved the care and services you received in the last 12 months.
Core 24. In the last 12 months, how often were clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office as helpful as you thought they should be?
Core 25. In the last 12 months, how often did clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office treat you with courtesy and respect?
OD1. Sometimes when you go to this doctor's office, you might get care from another provider - for example, another doctor in the practice, a nurse, a nurse practitioner or a physician assistant.  In the last 12 months, were any of your appointments at this doctor's office with another doctor or other provider? 
OD2. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers explain things in a way that was easy to understand?
OD3. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers listen carefully to you?
OD4. In the last 12 months, did you talk with the other doctors or providers about any health problems or concerns?
OD5. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers give you easy to understand instructions about what to do to take care of these health problems or concerns?
OD6. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers show respect for what you had to say?
OD7. In the last 12 months, how often did the other doctors or providers spend enough time with you?
OD8. In the last 12 months, how often did you feel that the other doctors or providers had all the information they needed to provide your care?
OD9. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst care possible and 10 is the best care possible, what number would you use to rate all your health care from the other doctors or providers you visited at this doctor's office in the last 12 months?
SC1. In the last 12 months, did you try to make any appointments to see a specialist?
SC2. In the last 12 months, how often was it easy to get appointments with specialists?
SC3. In the last 12 months, did you and this doctor talk about the cost of seeing a specialist?
SC4. In the last 12 months, were you ever worried or concerned about the cost of seeing a specialist?
SC5. How many specialists have you seen in the last 12 months?
SC6. In the last 12 months, how often did the specialists you saw seem to know the important information about your medical history?
SC7. We want to know your rating of the specialist you saw most often in the last 12 months. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst specialist possible and 10 is the best specialist possible, what number would you use to rate that specialist?
SC8. Was the specialist you saw most often in the last 12 months the doctor named in Question 1?
RV1. During your most recent visit with this doctor, were you kept informed about how long you would need to wait for your appointment to start?
RV2. Wait time includes time spent in the waiting room and exam room. During your most recent visit with this doctor, did you see this doctor within 15 minutes of your appointment time?
RV3. During your most recent visit, did this doctor explain things in a way that was easy to understand?
RV4. During your most recent visit, did you talk with this doctor about any health problems or concerns?
RV5. During your most recent visit, did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about what to do to take care of these health problems or concerns?
RV6. During your most recent visit, did this doctor seem to know the important information about your medical history?
RV7. During your most recent visit, did this doctor show concern about your health and how you were feeling?
RV8. During your most recent visit, did this doctor spend enough time with you?
RV9. During your most recent visit, did clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office treat you with courtesy and respect?
RV10. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst medical care possible and 10 is the best medical care possible, what number would you use to rate the medical care you received during your most recent visit with this doctor?
RV11. Please tell us how this doctor's office could have improved the care and services you received at your most recent visit.
Core 26. In general, how would you rate your overall health?
Core 27. A health provider is a doctor, nurse or anyone else you would see for health care. In the past 12 months, have you seen a doctor or other health provider 3 or more times for the same condition or problem?
Core 28. Is this a condition or problem that has lasted for at least 3 months? Do not include pregnancy or menopause.
Core 29. Do you now need or take medicine prescribed by a doctor? Do not include birth control.
Core 30. Is this medicine to treat a condition that has lasted for at least 3 months? Do not include pregnancy or menopause.
Core 31. What is your age?
Core 32. Are you male or female?
Core 33. What is the highest grade or level of school that you have completed?
Core 34. Are you of Hispanic or Latino origin or descent?
Core 35. What is your race? Please mark one or more.
Core 36. Did someone help you complete this survey?
Core 37. How did that person help you? Mark all that apply.
How did that person help?
Thank you!
Instructions: This scale is made up of a list of statements each of which may or may not be true about you. For each choose"definitely true" if you are sure it is true about you and "probably true" if you think it is true but are not absolutely certain. Similarly, you should choose "definitely false" if you are sure the statement is false and "probably false" if you think it is false but are not absolutely certain. 
1. If I wanted to go on a trip for a day (for example, to the country or mountains), I would have a hard time finding someone to go with me.
2. I feel that there is no one I can share my most private worries and fears with. 
3. If I were sick, I could easily find someone to help me with my daily chores. 
4. There is someone I can turn to for advice about handling problems with my family.
5. If I decide one afternoon that I would like to go to a movie that evening, I could easily find someone to go with me. 
6. When I need suggestions on how to deal with a personal problem, I know someone I can turn to. 
7. I don't often get invited to do things with others. 
8. If I had to go out of town for a few weeks, it would be difficult to find someone who would look after my house or apartment (the plants, pets, garden, etc.). 
9. If I wanted to have lunch with someone, I could easily find someone to join me. 
10. If I was stranded 10 miles from home, there is someone I could call who could come and get me. 
11. If a family crisis arose, it would be difficult to find someone who could give me good advice about how to handle it. 
12. If I needed some help in moving to a new house or apartment, I would have a hard time finding someone to help me. 
ID:
Date:
Paper copy of test
1. 1/2 cup of potatoes counts as 1 carbohydrate choice. How many choices does 2 cups of potatoes count as?
1. ANSWER_______ choices
Did patient answer #1 correctly?
2. You ate 1 and 1/2 cups from the food labeled below. How many grams of carbohydrate did you eat?  ?Nutrition Facts  Serving size: 3/4 cup  Servings per container 10  Amount per Serving  Calories 150 Calories  Total Fat 7g  Total Carbohydrates 18 grams  Dietary Fiber 3g   Sugars 3g  Protein 3g   2. ANSWER_____grams
Did patient answer #2correctly?
3. You have to eat 6 grams of carbohydrate for each 30 minutes you plan to walk. You are planning to walk for one hour. You have a bag with 12 crackers. Each cracker contains 10 grams of carbohydrate. How many crackers do you need to eat before your walk?  3. ANSWER____crackers
Did patient answer #3 correctly?
4. You test your blood sugar 3 times a day. You purchase a prescription of 50 strips on March 5th. Of the dates below, by when will you need to buy new strips? Please choose your answer:
Did patient answer #4 correctly?
5. Please round down to the nearest whole number.
You are given the following instructions: "Take 1 unit of insulin for every 7 grams of carbohydrate you eat."
How much insulin do you take:
When you eat 98 grams at supper?

98g

5. ANSWER ____units
Did patient answer #5 correctly?
Time for Patient Completion (in minutes)
1. During the  last 7 days, on how many days did you do  vigorous physical activities ?
[Interviewer clarification: Think only about those physical activities you did for at  least 10 minutes at a time.]
2. How much time did you usually spend doing vigorous physical activities on one of those days?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think only about those physical activities you do for at 
least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
3. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate physical activities?
[Interviewer clarification: Think only about those physical activities you do for at  least 10 minutes at a time.]
4. How much time did you usually spend doing moderate physical activities on one of those days?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
[Interviewer clarification: Think about only those physical activities you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
Hours per week
Minutes per week
5. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you walk for at least 10 minutes at a time?
[Interviewer clarification: Think only about the walking that you do for at least 10 minutes at a time.]
6. How much time did you usually spend walking on one of those days ?
Hours per day
Minutes per day
Hours per week
Minutes per week
7. During the last 7 days, how much time did you usually spend sitting on a week day?
Hours per weekday
Minutes per weekday
[Interviewer clarification: Include time spent lying down (awake) as well as sitting.]
Hours on Wednesday
Minutes on Wednesday
Patient Name:
Record #:
Assessment Date:
Patient Stamp Here
Current Analgesic Regimen 
Drug 1:
Drug Name
Strength (eg,mg)
Frequency
Maximum Total Daily Dose
Drug 2:
Drug Name
Strength (eg,mg)
Frequency
Maximum Total Daily Dose
Drug 3:
Drug Name
Strength (eg,mg)
Frequency
Maximum Total Daily Dose
The PADT is a clinician-directed interview; that is, the clinician asks the questions, and the clinician records the responses. The Analgesia, Activities of Daily Living, and Adverse Events sections may be completed by the physician, nurse practitioner, physician assistant, or nurse. The Potential Aberrant Drug-Related Behavior and Assessment sections must be completed by the physician. Ask the patient the questions below, except as noted. 
Analgesia 
If zero indicates "no pain" and ten indicates "pain as bad as it can be," on a scale of 0 to 10, what is your level of pain for the following questions?
1. What was your pain level on average during the past week? (Please circle the appropriate number)
2. What was your pain level at its worst during the past week?
3. What percentage of your pain has been relieved during the past week? (Write in a percentage between 0% and 100%.)
4. Is the amount of pain relief you are now obtaining from your current pain reliever(s) enough to make a real difference in your life?
5. Query to clinician: Is the patient's pain relief clinically significant?
Activities of Daily Living
Please indicate whether the patient's functioning with the current pain reliever(s) is Better, the Same, or Worse since the patient's last assessment with the PADT.* (Please check the box for Better, Same, or Worse for each item below.)
1. Physical functioning
2. Family relationships
3. Social relationships
4. Mood
5. Sleep patterns
6. Overall functioning
*If the patient is receiving his or her first PADT assessment, the clinician should compare the patient's functional status with other reports from the last office visit.
Adverse Events
1. Is patient experiencing any side effects from current pain reliever?
a. Nausea
b. Vomiting
c. Constipation
d. Itching
e. Mental cloudiness
f. Sweating
g. Fatigue
h. Drowsiness
i. Other
j. Other
Describe other (i)
Describe other (j)
Potential Aberrant Drug-Related Behavior This section must be completed by the physician
Please check any of the following items that you discovered during your interactions with the patient. Please note that some of these are directly observable (eg, appears intoxicated), while others may require more active listening and/or probing. Use the "Assessment" section below to note additional details.
Describe other
2. Patients overall severity of side effects?
Assessment: (This section must be completed by the physician.) Is your overall impression that this patient is benefiting (eg, benefits, such as pain relief, outweigh side effects) from opioid therapy?
Comments:
Specific Analgesic Plan:
Comments:
Date:
Physicians Signature:
I tend to bounce back quickly after hard times.
I have a hard time making it through stressful events.
It does not take me long to recover from a stressful event.
It is hard for me to snap back when something bad happens.
I usually come through difficult times with little trouble.
I tend to take a long time to get over set-backs in my life.
Personal and Family Health History
How much do you know about illnesses or health problems for your parents, grandparents, brothers, sisters, and/or children?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following cancer conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had bladder cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for bladder cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had bladder cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for bladder cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had blood or soft tissue cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for blood or soft tissue cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had blood or soft tissue cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for blood or soft tissue cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had bone cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for bone cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had bone cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for bone cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had brain cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for brain cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had brain cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for brain cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had breast cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for breast cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had breast cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for breast cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had cervical cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for cervical cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had cervical cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for cervical cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had colon cancer/rectal cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for colon cancer/rectal cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had colon cancer/rectal cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for colon cancer/rectal cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had endocrine cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for endocrine cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had endocrine cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for endocrine cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had endometrial cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for endometrial cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had endometrial cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for endometrial cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had esophageal cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for esophageal cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had esophageal cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for esophageal cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had eye cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for eye cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had eye cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for eye cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had head and neck cancer? (This includes cancers of the mouth, sinuses, nose, or throat. This does not include brain cancer.) Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for head and neck cancer? (This includes cancers of the mouth, sinuses, nose, or throat. This does not include brain cancer.)
About how old were you when you were first told you had head and neck cancer? (This includes cancers of the mouth, sinuses, nose, or throat. This does not include brain cancer.)
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for head and neck cancer? (This includes cancers of the mouth, sinuses, nose, or throat. This does not include brain cancer.)
Including yourself, who in your family has had kidney cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for kidney cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had kidney cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for kidney cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had lung cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for lung cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had lung cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for lung cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had ovarian cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for ovarian cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had ovarian cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for ovarian cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had pancreatic cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for pancreatic cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had pancreatic cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for pancreatic cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had prostate cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for prostate cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had prostate cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for prostate cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had skin cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for skin cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had skin cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for skin cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had stomach cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for stomach cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had stomach cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for stomach cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had thyroid cancer? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for thyroid cancer?
About how old were you when you were first told you had thyroid cancer?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for thyroid cancer?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other cancer(s)? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other cancer(s) you have had.
Please specify the other cancer(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other cancer(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other cancer(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other cancer(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other cancer(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other cancer(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other cancer(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other cancer(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other cancer(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following heart and blood conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had anemia? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for anemia?
About how old were you when you were first told you had anemia?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for anemia?
Including yourself, who in your family has had aortic aneurysm? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for aortic aneurysm?
About how old were you when you were first told you had aortic aneurysm?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for aortic aneurysm?
Including yourself, who in your family has had atrial fibrillation (or a-fib) or atrial flutter (or a-flutter)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for atrial fibrillation (a-fib) or atrial flutter (or a-flutter)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had atrial fibrillation (a-fib) or atrial flutter (or a-flutter)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for atrial fibrillation (a-fib) or atrial flutter (or a-flutter)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had a bleeding disorder? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for a bleeding disorder?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a bleeding disorder?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a bleeding disorder?
Including yourself, who in your family has had congestive heart failure? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for congestive heart failure?
About how old were you when you were first told you had congestive heart failure?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for congestive heart failure?
Including yourself, who in your family has had coronary artery/coronary heart disease? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for coronary artery/coronary heart disease?
About how old were you when you were first told you had coronary artery/coronary heart disease?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for coronary artery/coronary heart disease?
Including yourself, who in your family has had a heart attack? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for a heart attack?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a heart attack?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a heart attack?
Including yourself, who in your family has had heart valve disease? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for heart valve disease?
About how old were you when you were first told you had heart valve disease?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for heart valve disease?
Including yourself, who in your family has had high blood pressure (hypertension)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for high blood pressure (hypertension)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had high blood pressure (hypertension)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for high blood pressure (hypertension)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had high cholesterol? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for high cholesterol?
About how old were you when you were first told you had high cholesterol?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for high cholesterol?
Including yourself, who in your family has had peripheral vascular disease? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for peripheral vascular disease?
About how old were you when you were first told you had peripheral vascular disease?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for peripheral vascular disease?
Including yourself, who in your family has had pulmonary embolism or deep vein thrombosis (DVT)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for pulmonary embolism or deep vein thrombosis (DVT)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had pulmonary embolism or deep vein thrombosis (DVT)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for pulmonary embolism or deep vein thrombosis (DVT)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had sickle cell disease? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for sickle cell disease?
About how old were you when you were first told you had sickle cell disease?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for sickle cell disease?
Including yourself, who in your family has had a stroke? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for a stroke?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a stroke?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a stroke?
Who in your family has had sudden death? Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had transient ischemic attacks (TIAs or mini-strokes)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for transient ischemic attacks (TIAs or mini-strokes)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had transient ischemic attacks (TIAs or mini-strokes)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for transient ischemic attacks (TIAs or mini-strokes)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other heart or blood condition? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other heart or blood condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other heart or blood condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other heart or blood condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other heart or blood condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other heart or blood condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other heart or blood condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other heart or blood condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other heart or blood condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other heart or blood condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other heart or blood condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following digestive conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had acid reflux? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for acid reflux?
About how old were you when you were first told you had acid reflux?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for acid reflux?
Including yourself, who in your family has had bowel obstruction? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for bowel obstruction?
About how old were you when you were first told you had bowel obstruction?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for bowel obstruction?
Including yourself, who in your family has had celiac disease? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for celiac disease?
About how old were you when you were first told you had celiac disease?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for celiac disease?
Including yourself, who in your family has had colon polyps? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for colon polyps?
About how old were you when you were first told you had colon polyps?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for colon polyps?
Including yourself, who in your family has had Crohn's disease? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for Crohn's disease?
About how old were you when you were first told you had Crohn's disease?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for Crohn's disease?
Including yourself, who in your family has had diverticulitis/diverticulosis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for diverticulitis/diverticulosis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had diverticulitis/diverticulosis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for diverticulitis/diverticulosis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had gall stones? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for gall stones?
About how old were you when you were first told you had gall stones?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for gall stones?
Including yourself, who in your family has had hemorrhoids? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for hemorrhoids?
About how old were you when you were first told you had hemorrhoids?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for hemorrhoids?
Including yourself, who in your family has had a hernia? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for a hernia?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a hernia?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a hernia?
Including yourself, who in your family has had irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had a liver condition (e.g., cirrhosis)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for a liver condition (e.g., cirrhosis)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a liver condition (e.g., cirrhosis)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a liver condition (e.g., cirrhosis)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had a pancreatitis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for pancreatitis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had pancreatitis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for pancreatitis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had peptic (stomach) ulcers? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for peptic (stomach) ulcers?
About how old were you when you were first told you had peptic (stomach) ulcers?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for peptic (stomach) ulcers?
Including yourself, who in your family has had ulcerative colitis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for ulcerative colitis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had ulcerative colitis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for ulcerative colitis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other digestive condition? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other digestive condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other digestive condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other digestive condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other digestive condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other digestive condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other digestive condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other digestive condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other digestive condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other digestive condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other digestive condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following hormone and endocrine conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had hyperthyroidism? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for hyperthyroidism?
About how old were you when you were first told you had hyperthyroidism?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for hyperthyroidism?
Including yourself, who in your family has had hypothyroidism? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for hypothyroidism?
About how old were you when you were first told you had hypothyroidism?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for hypothyroidism?
Including yourself, who in your family has had prediabetes? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for prediabetes?
About how old were you when you were first told you had prediabetes?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for prediabetes?
Including yourself, who in your family has had type 1 diabetes? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for type 1 diabetes?
About how old were you when you were first told you had type 1 diabetes?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for type 1 diabetes?
Including yourself, who in your family has had type 2 diabetes? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for type 2 diabetes?
About how old were you when you were first told you had type 2 diabetes?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for type 2 diabetes?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other/unknown diabetes? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other/unknown diabetes you have had.
Please specify the other/unknown diabetes your mother has had.
Please specify the other/unknown diabetes your father has had.
Please specify the other/unknown diabetes your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other/unknown diabetes your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other/unknown diabetes your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other/unknown the diabetes your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other/unknown diabetes?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other/unknown diabetes?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other/unknown diabetes?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other/unknown thyroid condition? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other/unknown thyroid condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other/unknown thyroid condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other/unknown thyroid condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other/unknown thyroid condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other/unknown thyroid condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other/unknown thyroid condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other/unknown thyroid condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other/unknown thyroid condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other/unknown thyroid condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other/unknown thyroid condition(s)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other hormone/endocrine condition? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other hormone/endocrine condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other hormone/endocrine condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other hormone/endocrine condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other hormone/endocrine condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other hormone/endocrine condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other hormone/endocrine condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other hormone/endocrine condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other hormone/endocrine condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other hormone/endocrine condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other hormone/endocrine condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following kidney conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had acute kidney disease with no current dialysis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for acute kidney disease with no current dialysis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had acute kidney disease with no current dialysis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for acute kidney disease with no current dialysis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had kidney disease with dialysis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for kidney disease with dialysis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had kidney disease with dialysis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for kidney disease with dialysis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had kidney disease without dialysis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for kidney disease without dialysis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had kidney disease without dialysis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for kidney disease without dialysis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had kidney stones? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for kidney stones?
About how old were you when you were first told you had kidney stones?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for kidney stones?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other kidney condition(s)? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other kidney condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other kidney condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other kidney condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other kidney condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other kidney condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other kidney condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other kidney condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other kidney condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other kidney condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other kidney condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following lung conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had asthma? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for asthma?
About how old were you when you were first told you had asthma?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for asthma?
Including yourself, who in your family has had chronic lung disease (COPD, emphysema, or bronchitis)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for chronic lung disease (COPD, emphysema, or bronchitis)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had chronic lung disease (COPD, emphysema, or bronchitis)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for chronic lung disease (COPD, emphysema, or bronchitis)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had sleep apnea? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for sleep apnea?
About how old were you when you were first told you had sleep apnea?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for sleep apnea?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other lung condition(s)? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other lung condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other lung condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other lung condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other lung condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other lung condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other lung condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other lung condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other lung condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other lung condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other lung condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following brain and nervous system conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had cerebral palsy? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for cerebral palsy?
About how old were you when you were first told you had cerebral palsy?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for cerebral palsy?
Including yourself, who in your family has had chronic fatigue? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for chronic fatigue?
About how old were you when you were first told you had chronic fatigue?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for chronic fatigue?
Including yourself, who in your family has had concussion or loss of consciousness? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for concussion or loss of consciousness?
About how old were you when you were first told you had concussion or loss of consciousness?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for concussion or loss of consciousness?
Including yourself, who in your family has had dementia (includes Alzheimer's, vascular, etc.)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for dementia (includes Alzheimer's, vascular, etc.)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had dementia (includes Alzheimer's, vascular, etc.)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for dementia (includes Alzheimer's, vascular, etc.)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had epilepsy or seizure? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for epilepsy or seizure?
About how old were you when you were first told you had epilepsy or seizure?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for epilepsy or seizure?
Including yourself, who in your family has had insomnia? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for insomnia?
About how old were you when you were first told you had insomnia?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for insomnia?
Including yourself, who in your family has had Lou Gehrig's disease (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for Lou Gehrig's disease (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had Lou Gehrig's disease (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for Lou Gehrig's disease (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had memory loss or impairment? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for memory loss or impairment?
About how old were you when you were first told you had memory loss or impairment?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for memory loss or impairment?
Including yourself, who in your family has had migraine headaches? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for migraine headaches?
About how old were you when you were first told you had migraine headaches?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for migraine headaches?
Including yourself, who in your family has had multiple sclerosis (MS)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for multiple sclerosis (MS)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had multiple sclerosis (MS)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for multiple sclerosis (MS)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had muscular dystrophy (MD)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for muscular dystrophy (MD)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had muscular dystrophy (MD)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for muscular dystrophy (MD)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had narcolepsy? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for narcolepsy?
About how old were you when you were first told you had narcolepsy?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for narcolepsy?
Including yourself, who in your family has had neuropathy? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for neuropathy?
About how old were you when you were first told you had neuropathy?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for neuropathy?
Including yourself, who in your family has had Parkinson's disease? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for Parkinson's disease?
About how old were you when you were first told you had Parkinson's disease?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for Parkinson's disease?
Including yourself, who in your family has had restless leg syndrome? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for restless leg syndrome?
About how old were you when you were first told you had restless leg syndrome?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for restless leg syndrome?
Including yourself, who in your family has had spinal cord injury or impairment? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for spinal cord injury or impairment?
About how old were you when you were first told you had spinal cord injury or impairment?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for spinal cord injury or impairment?
Including yourself, who in your family has had traumatic brain injury (TBI)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for traumatic brain injury (TBI)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had traumatic brain injury (TBI)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for traumatic brain injury (TBI)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other brain or nervous system condition(s)? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other brain or nervous system condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other brain or nervous system condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other brain or nervous system condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other brain or nervous system condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other brain or nervous system condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other brain or nervous system condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other brain or nervous system condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other brain or nervous system condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other brain or nervous system condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other brain or nervous system condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following mental health or substance use conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had alcohol use disorder? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for alcohol use disorder?
About how old were you when you were first told you had alcohol use disorder?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for alcohol use disorder?
Including yourself, who in your family has had anxiety reaction/panic disorder? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for anxiety reaction/panic disorder?
About how old were you when you were first told you had anxiety reaction/panic disorder?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for anxiety reaction/panic disorder?
Including yourself, who in your family has had attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had autism spectrum disorder? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for autism spectrum disorder?
About how old were you when you were first told you had autism spectrum disorder?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for autism spectrum disorder?
Including yourself, who in your family has had bipolar disorder? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for bipolar disorder?
About how old were you when you were first told you had bipolar disorder?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for bipolar disorder?
Including yourself, who in your family has had depression? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for depression?
About how old were you when you were first told you had depression?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for depression?
Including yourself, who in your family has had a drug use disorder? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for a drug use disorder?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a drug use disorder?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a drug use disorder?
Including yourself, who in your family has had an eating disorder? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for an eating disorder?

About how old were you when you were first told you had an eating disorder?

Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for an eating disorder?

Including yourself, who in your family has had a personality disorder? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for a personality disorder?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a personality disorder?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a personality disorder?
Including yourself, who in your family has had post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had schizophrenia? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for schizophrenia?
About how old were you when you were first told you had schizophrenia?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for schizophrenia?
Including yourself, who in your family has had a social phobia? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for a social phobia?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a social phobia?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a social phobia?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other mental or substance use condition? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other mental health or substance use condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other mental health or substance use condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other mental health or substance use condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other mental health or substance use condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other mental health or substance use condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other mental health or substance use condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other mental health or substance use condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other mental health or substance use condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other mental health or substance use condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other mental health or substance use condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following bone, joint, and muscle conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had carpal tunnel syndrome? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for carpal tunnel syndrome?
About how old were you when you were first told you had carpal tunnel syndrome?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for carpal tunnel syndrome?
Including yourself, who in your family has had fibromyalgia? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for fibromyalgia?
About how old were you when you were first told you had fibromyalgia?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for fibromyalgia?
Including yourself, who in your family has had fractured/broken bones in the last five years? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for fractured/broken bones?
About how old were you when you were first told you had fractured/broken bones?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for fractured/broken bones?
Including yourself, who in your family has had gout? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for gout?
About how old were you when you were first told you had gout?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for gout?
Including yourself, who in your family has had osteoarthritis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for osteoarthritis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had osteoarthritis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for osteoarthritis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had osteoporosis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for osteoporosis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had osteoporosis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for osteoporosis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had pseudogout (CPPD)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for pseudogout (CPPD)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had pseudogout (CPPD)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for pseudogout (CPPD)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had rheumatoid arthritis (RA)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for rheumatoid arthritis (RA)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had rheumatoid arthritis (RA)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for rheumatoid arthritis (RA)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had spine, muscle, or bone disorders (non-cancer)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for spine, muscle, or bone disorders (non-cancer)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had spine, muscle, or bone disorders (non-cancer)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for spine, muscle, or bone disorders (non-cancer)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had systemic lupus? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for systemic lupus?
About how old were you when you were first told you had systemic lupus?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for systemic lupus?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other arthritis? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other arthritis you have had.
Please specify the other arthritis your mother has had.
Please specify the other arthritis your father has had.
Please specify the other arthritis your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other arthritis your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other arthritis your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other arthritis your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other arthritis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other arthritis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other arthritis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s)? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other bone, joint, or muscle condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following hearing and eye conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had blindness, all causes? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for blindness, all causes?
About how old were you when you were first told you had blindness, all causes?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for blindness, all causes?
Including yourself, who in your family has had cataracts? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for cataracts?
About how old were you when you were first told you had cataracts?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for cataracts?
Including yourself, who in your family has had dry eyes? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for dry eyes?
About how old were you when you were first told you had dry eyes?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for dry eyes?
Including yourself, who in your family has had farsightedness? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for farsightedness?
About how old were you when you were first told you had farsightedness?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for farsightedness?
Including yourself, who in your family has had nearsightedness? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for nearsightedness?
About how old were you when you were first told you had nearsightedness?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for nearsightedness?
Including yourself, who in your family has had astigmatism? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for astigmatism?
About how old were you when you were first told you had astigmatism?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for astigmatism?
Including yourself, who in your family has had glaucoma? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for glaucoma?
About how old were you when you were first told you had glaucoma?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for glaucoma?
Including yourself, who in your family has had macular degeneration? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for macular degeneration?
About how old were you when you were first told you had macular degeneration?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for macular degeneration?
Including yourself, who in your family has had severe hearing loss or partial deafness in one or both ears? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for severe hearing loss or partial deafness in one or both ears?
About how old were you when you were first told you had severe hearing loss or partial deafness in one or both ears?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for severe hearing loss or partial deafness in one or both ears?
Including yourself, who in your family has had tinnitus? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for tinnitus?
About how old were you when you were first told you had tinnitus?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for tinnitus?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other hearing or eye condition(s)? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other hearing or eye condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other hearing or eye condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other hearing or eye condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other hearing or eye condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other hearing or eye condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other hearing or eye condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other hearing or eye condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other hearing or eye condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other hearing or eye condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other hearing or eye condition(s)?
Have you or anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with the following conditions? Think only of the people you are related to by blood. Select all that apply.
Including yourself, who in your family has had acne? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for acne?
About how old were you when you were first told you had acne?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for acne?
Including yourself, who in your family has had allergies? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for allergies?
About how old were you when you were first told you had allergies?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for allergies?
Including yourself, who in your family has had endometriosis? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for endometriosis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had endometriosis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for endometriosis?
Including yourself, who in your family has had an enlarged prostate? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for an enlarged prostate?
About how old were you when you were first told you had an enlarged prostate?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for an enlarged prostate?
Including yourself, who in your family has had fibroids? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for fibroids?
About how old were you when you were first told you had fibroids?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for fibroids?
Including yourself, who in your family has had obesity? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for obesity?
About how old were you when you were first told you had obesity?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for obesity?
Including yourself, who in your family has had polycystic ovarian syndrome? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for polycystic ovarian syndrome?
About how old were you when you were first told you had polycystic ovarian syndrome?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for polycystic ovarian syndrome?
Including yourself, who in your family has had reactions to anesthesia (such as hyperthermia)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for reactions to anesthesia (such as hyperthermia)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had reactions to anesthesia (such as hyperthermia)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for reactions to anesthesia (such as hyperthermia)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had skin condition(s) (e.g., eczema, psoriasis)? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for skin condition(s) (e.g., eczema, psoriasis)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had a skin condition(s) (e.g., eczema, psoriasis)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for a skin condition(s) (e.g., eczema, psoriasis)?
Including yourself, who in your family has had vitamin B deficiency? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for vitamin B deficiency?
About how old were you when you were first told you had vitamin B deficiency?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for vitamin B deficiency?
Including yourself, who in your family has had vitamin D deficiency? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for vitamin D deficiency?
About how old were you when you were first told you had vitamin D deficiency?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for vitamin D deficiency?
Including yourself, who in your family has had other condition(s)? Select all that apply.
Please specify the other condition(s) you have had.
Please specify the other condition(s) your mother has had.
Please specify the other condition(s) your father has had.
Please specify the other condition(s) your sibling(s) has had.
Please specify the other condition(s) your daughter(s) has had.
Please specify the other condition(s) your son(s) has had.
Please specify the other condition(s) your grandparent(s) has had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other condition(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other condition(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other condition(s)?
Have you ever been diagnosed with the following conditions? Select all that apply.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for chickenpox?
About how old were you when you were first told you had chickenpox?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for chickenpox?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for chronic sinus infections?
About how old were you when you were first told you had chronic sinus infections?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for chronic sinus infections?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for dengue fever?
About how old were you when you were first told you had dengue fever?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for dengue fever?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for hepatitis A?
About how old were you when you were first told you had hepatitis A?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for hepatitis A?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for hepatitis B?
About how old were you when you were first told you had hepatitis B?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for hepatitis B?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for hepatitis C?
About how old were you when you were first told you had hepatitis C?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for hepatitis C?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for HIV/AIDS?
About how old were you when you were first told you had HIV/AIDS?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for HIV/AIDS?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for Lyme disease?
About how old were you when you were first told you had Lyme disease?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for Lyme disease?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for recurrent urinary tract infections (UTI)/bladder infections?
About how old were you when you were first told you had recurrent urinary tract infections (UTI)/bladder infections?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for recurrent urinary tract infections (UTI)/bladder infections?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for recurrent yeast infections?
About how old were you when you were first told you had recurrent yeast infections?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for recurrent yeast infections?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS)?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for sexually transmitted infections (gonorrhea, syphilis, chlamydia)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had sexually transmitted infections (gonorrhea, syphilis, chlamydia)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for sexually transmitted infections (gonorrhea, syphilis, chlamydia)?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for shingles?
About how old were you when you were first told you had shingles?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for shingles?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for tuberculosis?
About how old were you when you were first told you had tuberculosis?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for tuberculosis?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for West Nile virus?
About how old were you when you were first told you had West Nile virus?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for West Nile virus?
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for Zika virus?
About how old were you when you were first told you had Zika virus?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for Zika virus?
Please specify the other infectious disease(s) you have had.
Are you still seeing a doctor or health care provider for other infectious disease(s)?
About how old were you when you were first told you had other infectious disease(s)?
Are you currently prescribed medications and/or receiving treatment for other infectious disease(s)?
Thank you for completing the Personal and Family Health History survey. The information you shared may contribute to helping researchers improve the health of generations to come.
Child's Name/ID
Parent's Name/ID
Relationship to Child
Child's Age
Child Sex
Child Date of Birth
Today's Date
Child's Grade
1. 	I express affection by hugging, kissing, and holding my child.
2. If my child whines or complains when I take away a privilege, I will give it back.
3. I am afraid that disciplining my child for misbehavior will cause her/him to not like me.
4. I argue with my child.
5. I use threats as punishment with little or no justification.
6. The punishment I give my child depends on my mood.
7. I have warm and intimate times together with my child.
8. I yell or shout when my child misbehaves.
9. My child talks me out of punishing him/her after he/she has done something wrong.
10. I show respect for my child's opinions by encouraging him/her to express them.
11. If my child does his/her chores, I will recognize his/her behavior in some manner.
12. I let my child out of a punishment early (like lift restrictions earlier than I originally said).
13. I explode in anger toward my child.
14. I spank my child with my hand when he/she has done something wrong.
15. I give reasons for my requests (such as "We must leave in five minutes, so it's time to clean up.").
16. I lose my temper when my child doesn't do something I ask him/her to do.
17. I encourage my child to talk about her/his troubles.
18. If I give my child a request and she/he carries out the request, I praise her/him for listening and complying.
19. I warn my child before a change of activity is required (such as a five-minute warning before leaving the house in the morning).
20. If my child gets upset when I say "No," I back down and give in to her/him.
21. My child and I hug and/or kiss each other.
22. I listen to my child's ideas and opinions
23. I feel that getting my child to obey is more trouble than it's worth.
24. I spank my child when I am extremely angry.
25. I use physical punishment as a way of disciplining my child.
26. If my child cleans his room, I will tell him/her how proud I am.
27. I give in to my child when she/he causes a commotion about something.
28. I tell my child my expectations regarding behavior before my child engages in an activity.
29. When I am upset or under stress, I am picky and on my child's back.
30. I tell my child that I like it when he/she helps out around the house.
31. I use physical punishment (for example, spanking) to discipline my child because other things I have tried have not worked.
32. I provide my child with a brief explanation when I discipline his/her misbehavior.
33. I avoid struggles with my child by giving clear choices.
34. When my child misbehaves, I let him know what will happen if she/he doesn't behave.
Hostility factor score (MAPS HS).
Physical Control factor score (MAPS PC).
Lax Control factor score (MAPS LC).
Proactive Parenting factor score (MAPS PP).
Positive Reinforcement factor score (MAPS PR).
Warmth factor score (MAPS WM).
Supportiveness factor score (MAPS SP).
Broadband Positive Parenting factor score (MAPS POS).
Broadband Negative Parenting factor score (MAPS NEG).
Subject No.
Today's Date
Sex of Child
Date of Baby's Birth
Age of Child (months)
Age of Child (weeks)
INSTRUCTIONS Please read carefully before starting:  As you read each description of the baby's behavior below, please indicate how often the baby did this during the LAST WEEK (the past seven days) by choosing one of the numbers. These numbers indicate how often you observed the behavior described during the last week.  1 - Never 2 - Very Rarely 3 - Less Than Half the Time 4 - About Half the Time 5 - More Than Half the Time 6 - Almost Always 7 - Always NA - Does Not Apply  The "Does Not Apply" (NA) choice is used when you did not see the baby in the situation described during the last week. For example, if the situation mentions the baby having to wait for food or liquids and there was no time during the last week when the baby had to wait, choose the (NA) response. "Does Not Apply" is different from "Never" (1). "Never" is used when you saw the baby in the situation but the baby never engaged in the behavior listed during the last week. For example, if the baby did have to wait for food or liquids at least once but never cried loudly while waiting, choose the (1) response.  Please be sure to choose a number for every item. 
1. When being dressed or undressed during the last week, how often did the baby squirm and/or try to roll away? 
2. When tossed around playfully how often did the baby laugh?
3. When tired, how often did your baby show distress?
4. When introduced to an unfamiliar adult, how often did the baby cling to a parent?
5. How often during the last week did the baby enjoy being read to?
6. How often during the last week did the baby play with one toy or object for 5-10 minutes?
7. How often during the week did your baby move quickly toward new objects?
8. When put into the bath water, how often did the baby laugh?
9. When it was time for bed or a nap and your baby did not want to go, how often did s/he whimper or sob?
10. After sleeping, how often did the baby cry if someone doesn't come within a few minutes?
11. In the last week, while being fed in your lap, how often did the baby seem eager to get away as soon as the feeding was over?
12. When singing or talking to your baby, how often did s/he soothe immediately?
13. When placed on his/her back, how often did the baby squirm and/or turn body?
14. During a peekaboo game, how often did the baby laugh?
15. How often does the infant look up from playing when the telephone rings?
16. How often did the baby seem angry (crying and fussing) when you left her/him in the crib?
17. How often during the last week did the baby startle at a sudden change in body position (e.g., when moved suddenly)?
18. How often during the last week did the baby enjoy hearing the sound of words, as in nursery rhymes?
19. How often during the last week did the baby look at pictures in books and/or magazines for 5 minutes or longer at a time?
20. When visiting a new place, how often did your baby get excited about exploring new surroundings?
21. How often during the last week did the baby smile or laugh when given a toy?
22. At the end of an exciting day, how often did your baby become tearful?
23. How often during the last week did the baby protest being placed in a confining place (infant seat, play pen, car seat, etc.)?
24. When being held, in the last week, did your baby seem to enjoy him/herself?
25. When showing the baby something to look at, how often did s/he soothe immediately?
26. When hair was washed, how often did the baby vocalize?
27. How often did your baby notice the sound of an airplane passing overhead?
28. When introduced to an unfamiliar adult, how often did the baby refuse to go to the unfamiliar person?
29. When you were busy with another activity, and your baby was not able to get your attention, how often did s/he cry?
30. How often during the last week did the baby enjoy gentle rhythmic activities, such as rocking or swaying?
31. How often during the last week did the baby stare at a mobile, crib bumper or picture for 5 minutes or longer?
32. When the baby wanted something, how often did s/he become upset when s/he could not get what s/he wanted?
33. When in the presence of several unfamiliar adults, how often did the baby cling to a parent?
34. When rocked or hugged, in the last week, did your baby seem to enjoy him/herself?
35. When patting or gently rubbing some part of the baby's body, how often did s/he soothe immediately?
36. How often did your baby make talking sounds when riding in a car?
37. When placed in an infant seat or car seat, how often did the baby squirm and turn body?
Your Full Name
Today's Date
Date of Injury
1. What is the highest level of activity that you can perform without significant knee pain?
2. During the past 4 weeks, or since your injury, how often have you had pain?
3. If you have pain, how severe is it?
4. During the past 4 weeks, or since your injury, how stiff or swollen was your knee?
5. What is the highest level of activity you can perform without significant swelling in your knee?
6. During the past 4 weeks, or since your injury, did your knee lock or catch?
7. What is the highest level of activity you can perform without significant giving way in your knee?
8. What is the highest level of activity you can participate in on a regular basis?
a. Go up stairs
b. Go down stairs
c. Kneel on the front of your knee
d. Squat
e. Sit with your knee bent
f. Rise from a chair
g. Run staight ahead
h. Jump and land on your involved leg
i. Stop and start quickly
FUNCTION PRIOR TO YOUR KNEE INJURY:
CURRENT FUNCTION OF YOUR KNEE:
Total score:
Raw Score
Kessler Psychological Distress Scale (K10)Source: Kessler R. Professor of Health Care Policy, Harvard MedicalSchool, Boston, USA.This is a 10-item questionnaire intended to yield a global measure of distress based on questions about anxiety and depressive symptoms that a person has experienced in the most recent 4 week period.Why use the K10The use of a consumer self-report measure is a desirable method of assessment because it is a genuine attempt on the part of the clinician to collect information on the patient's current condition and to establish a productive dialogue. When completing the K10 the consumer should be provided with privacy. (Information sourced from the NSW Mental health Outcomes and Assessment Training (MH-OAT) facilitator's Manual, NSW HealthDepartment 2001) How to administer the questionnaire As a general rule, patients who rate most commonly "Some of the time" or "All of the time" categories are in need of a more detailed assessment. Referral information should be provided to these individuals. Patients who rate most commonly "A little of the time" or "None of the time" may also benefit from early intervention and promotional information to assist raising awareness of the conditions of depression and anxiety as well as strategies to prevent future mental health issues. (Information sourced from the NSW Mental health Outcomes and Assessment Training (MH-OAT) facilitator's Manual, NSW Health Department 2001)
1. During the last 30 days, how often did you feel tired out for no good reason?
2. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel nervous?
3. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so nervous that nothing could calm you down?
4. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel hopeless?
5. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel restless or fidgety?
6. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so restless you could not sit still?
7. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel depressed?
8. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel that everything was an effort?
9. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so sad that nothing could cheer you up?
10. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel worthless?
Scoring FOR DOCTOR'S EYES ONLY This is a questionnaire for patients to complete. It is a measure of psychological distress. The numbers attached to the patients 10 responses are added up and the total score is the score on the Kessler Psychological Distress Scale (K10). Scores willrange from 10 to 50. People seen in primary care who  score under 20 are likely to be well  score 20-24 are likely to have a mild mental disorder  score 25-29 are likely to have moderate mental disorder  score 30 and over are likely to have a severe mental disorder 13% of the adult population will score 20 and over and about 1 in 4 patients seen in primary care will score 20 and over. This is a screening instrument and practitioners should make a clinical judgement as to whether a person needs treatment. Scores usually decline with effective treatment. Patients whose scores remain above 24 after treatment should be reviewed and specialist referral considered. References: Kessler, R.C., Andrews, G., Colpe, .et al (2002) Short screening scales to monitor population prevalences and trends in non-specific psychological distress.Psychological Medicine, 32, 959-956. Andrews, G., Slade, T (2001). Interpreting scores on the Kessler Psychological DistressScale (k10). Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health, 25, 494-497.
Subject Identifier
Date
1. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you feel sexual desire or interest?
2. Over the past 4 weeks, how would you rate your level (degree) of sexual desire or interest?
3. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you feel sexually aroused ("turned on") during sexual activity or intercourse?
4. Over the past 4 weeks, how would you rate your level ("turn on") during sexual activity or intercourse?
5. Over the past 4 weeks, how confident were you about becoming sexually aroused during sexual activity or intercourse?
6. Over the past 4 weeks, how often have you been satisfied with your arousal (excitement) during sexual activity or intercourse?
7. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you become lubricated ("wet") during sexual activity or intercourse?
8. Over the past 4 weeks, how difficult was it to become lubricated ("wet") during sexual activity or intercourse?
9. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you maintain your lubrication ("wetness") until completion of sexual activity or intercourse?
10. Over the past 4 weeks, how difficult was it to maintain your lubrication ('wetness") until completion of sexual activity or intercourse?
11. Over the past 4 weeks, when you had sexual stimulation or intercourse, how often did you reach orgasm (climax)?
12. Over the past 4 weeks, when you had sexual stimulation or intercourse, how difficult was it for you to reach orgasm (climax)?
13. Over the past 4 weeks, how satisfied were you with your ability to reach orgasm (climax) during sexual activity or intercourse?
14. Over the past 4 weeks, how satisfied have you been with the amount of emotional closeness during sexual activity between you and your partner?
15. Over the past 4 weeks, how satisfied have you been with your sexual relationship with your partner?
16. Over the past 4 weeks, how satisfied have you been with your overall sexual life?
17. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you experience discomfort or pain during vaginal penetration?
18. Over the past 4 weeks, how often did you experience discomfort or pain following vaginal penetration?
19. Over the past 4 weeks, how would you rate your level (degree) of discomfort or pain during or following vaginal penetration?
Desire Domain Score
Arousal Domain Score
Lubrication Domain Score
Orgasm Domain Score
Satisfaction Domain Score
Pain Domain Score
Total Score
Adverse Event Grade
AE Start Date
Was patient hospitalized for toxicity?
Cycle #
To what is the AE attributed?
Other Attribution, Specify
AE Stop Date
MedDRA System Organ Class (SOC)
MedDRA AE Code (CTCAE v3.0)
AE Attribution
Reporting Period End Date
Were adverse events assessed during most recent period
Expected? (Yes/No)
Serious?
Event Onset Time
Course
AE Evaluation Period Start Date
Pre-existing AE?
AE Resolved Time
AE Ongoing?
Participant Status/Outcome
Adverse Event Condition Pattern
Did event reappear after study agent was reintroduced?
Comments
Why serious?
Dose-Limiting Toxicity?
1. I am getting on with the business of living no matter what my level of pain is.
2. My life is going well, even though I have chronic pain.
3. It's OK to experience pain.
4. I would gladly sacrifice important things in my life to control this pain better.
5. It's not necessary for me to control my pain in order to handle my life well.
6. Although things have changed, I am living a normal life despite my chronic pain.
7. I need to concentrate on getting ride of my pain.
8. There are many activities I do when I feel pain.
9. I lead a full life even though I have chronic pain.
10. Controlling my pain is less important than any other goals in my life.
11. My thoughts and feelings about pain must change before I can take important steps in my life.
12. Despite the pain, I am now sticking to a certain course in my life.
13. Keeping my pain level under control takes first priority whenever I'm doing something.
14. Before I can make any serious plans, I have to get some control over my pain.
15. When my pain increases, I can still take care of my responsibilities.
16. I will have better control over my life if I can control my negative thoughts about pain.
17. I avoid putting myself in situations where my pain might increase.
18. My worries and fears about what pain will do to me are true.
19. It's a great relief to realize that I don't have to change my pain to get on with life.
20. I have to struggle to do things when I have pain.
Name
Date of birth
Date
1. I feel uninterested in the things I used to enjoy.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
2. I often seem to live through events exactly as they
 
 happened before (déjà vu).
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
3. I sometimes smell or taste things that other people can't smell or taste.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
4. I often hear unusual sounds like banging, clicking, hissing, clapping or ringing in my ears.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
5. I have been confused at times whether something I experienced was real or imaginary.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
6. When I look at a person, or look at myself in a mirror, I have seen the face change right before my eyes.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
7. I get extremely anxious when meeting people for the first time.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
8. I have seen things that other people apparently can't see.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
9. My thoughts are sometimes so strong that I can almost hear them.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
10. I sometimes see special meanings in advertisements, shop windows, or in the way things are arranged around me.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
11. Sometimes I have felt that I'm not in control of my own ideas or thoughts.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
12. Sometimes I feel suddenly distracted by distant sounds that I am not normally aware of.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
13. I have heard things other people can't hear like voices of people whispering or talking.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
14. I often feel that others have it in for me.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
15. I have had the sense that some person or force is around me, even though I could not see anyone.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
16. I feel that parts of my body have changed in some way, or that parts of my body are working differently than before.
If TRUE: how much distress did you experience?
Score
2017 PAR-Q+
The Physical Activity Readiness Questionnaire for Everyone
The health benefits of regular physical activity are clear; more people should engage in physical activity every day of the week. Participating in physical activity is very safe for MOST people. This questionnaire will tell you whether it is necessary for you to seek further advice from your doctor OR a qualified exercise professional before becoming more physically active.
GENERAL HEALTH QUESTIONS
1) Has your doctor ever said that you have a heart condition?
OR has your doctor ever said that you have high blood pressure?
2) Do you feel pain in your chest at rest, during your daily activities of living, OR when you do physical activity?
3) Do you lose balance because of dizziness OR have you lost consciousness in the last 12 months? Please answer NO if your dizziness was associated with over-breathing (including during vigorous exercise).
4) Have you ever been diagnosed with another chronic medical condition (other than heart disease or high blood pressure)?
PLEASE LIST CONDITION(S) HERE:
5) Are you currently taking prescribed medications for a chronic medical condition?
PLEASE LIST CONDITION(S) AND MEDICATIONS HERE: 
6) Do you currently have (or have had within the past 12 months) a bone, joint, or soft tissue (muscle, ligament, or tendon) problem that could be made worse by becoming more physically active? Please answer NO if you had a problem in the past, but it does not limit your current ability to be physically active.
PLEASE LIST CONDITION(S) HERE:
7) Has your doctor ever said that you should only do medically supervised physical activity?

     If you answered NO to all of the questions above, you are cleared for physical activity. You will be taken to the end of this survey to sign the PARTICIPANT DECLARATION.  Start becoming much more physically active – start slowly and build up gradually. Follow International Physical Activity Guidelines for your age (www.who.int/dietphysicalactivity/en/). You may take part in a health and fitness appraisal. If you are over the age of 45 yr and NOT accustomed to regular vigorous to maximal effort exercise, consult a qualified exercise professional before engaging in this intensity of exercise. If you have any further questions, contact a qualified exercise professional.       
    If you answered YES to one or more of the questions above, COMPLETE THE NEXT SECTION.   
    Delay becoming more active if:  You have a temporary illness such as a cold or fever; it is best to wait until you feel better. You are pregnant - talk to your health care practitioner, your physician, a qualified exercise professional, and/or complete the ePARmed-X+ at www.eparmedx.com before becoming more physically active. Your health changes - answer the questions below and/or talk to your doctor or a qualified exercise professional before continuing with any physical activity program.     
2017 PAR-Q+
FOLLOW-UP QUESTIONS ABOUT YOUR MEDICAL CONDITION(S)
1. Do you have Arthritis, Osteoporosis, or Back Problems?
1a. Do you have difficulty controlling your condition with medications or other physician-prescribed therapies? (Answer NO if you are not currently taking medications or other treatments)
1b. Do you have joint problems causing pain, a recent fracture or fracture caused by osteoporosis or cancer, displaced vertebra (e.g., spondylolisthesis), and/or spondylolysis/pars defect (a crack in the bony ring on the back of the spinal column)?
1c. Have you had steroid injections or taken steroid tablets regularly for more than 3 months?
2. Do you currently have Cancer of any kind?
2a. Does your cancer diagnosis include any of the following types: lung/bronchogenic, multiple myeloma (cancer of plasma cells), head, and/or neck?
2b. Are you currently receiving cancer therapy (such as chemotheraphy or radiotherapy)?
3. Do you have a Heart or Cardiovascular Condition? (This includes Coronary Artery Disease, Heart Failure, Diagnosed Abnormality of Heart Rhythm.)
3a. Do you have difficulty controlling your condition with medications or other physician-prescribed therapies? (Answer NO if you are not currently taking medications or other treatments)
3b. Do you have an irregular heart beat that requires medical management? (e.g., atrial fibrillation, premature ventricular contraction)
3c. Do you have chronic heart failure?
3d. Do you have diagnosed coronary artery (cardiovascular) disease and have not participated in regular physical activity in the last 2 months?
4. Do you have High Blood Pressure?
4a. Do you have difficulty controlling your condition with medications or other physician-prescribed therapies? (Answer NO if you are not currently taking medications or other treatments)
4b. Do you have a resting blood pressure equal to or greater than 160/90 mmHg with or without medication? (Answer YES if you do not know your resting blood pressure)
5. Do you have any Metabolic Conditions? (This includes Type 1 Diabetes, Type 2 Diabetes, Pre-Diabetes.)
5a. Do you often have difficulty controlling your blood sugar levels with foods, medications, or other physician prescribed therapies?
5b. Do you often suffer from signs and symptoms of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia) following exercise and/or during activities of daily living? Signs of hypoglycemia may include shakiness, nervousness, unusual irritability, abnormal sweating, dizziness or light-headedness, mental confusion, difficulty speaking, weakness, or sleepiness.
5c. Do you have any signs or symptoms of diabetes complications such as heart or vascular disease and/or complications affecting your eyes, kidneys, OR the sensation in your toes and feet?
5d. Do you have other metabolic conditions (such as current pregnancy-related diabetes, chronic kidney disease, or liver problems)?
5e. Are you planning to engage in what for you is unusually high (or vigorous) intensity exercise in the near future?
6. Do you have any Mental Health Problems or Learning Difficulties? (This includes Alzheimer's, Dementia, Depression, Anxiety Disorder, Eating Disorder, Psychotic Disorder, Intellectual Disability, Down Syndrome.)
6a. Do you have difficulty controlling your condition with medications or other physician-prescribed therapies?(Answer NO if you are not currently taking medications or other treatments)
6b. Do you have Down Syndrome AND back problems affecting nerves or muscles?
7. Do you have a Respiratory Disease?(This includes Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease, Asthma, Pulmonary High Blood Pressure.)
7a. Do you have difficulty controlling your condition with medications or other physician-prescribed therapies? (Answer NO if you are not currently taking medications or other treatments)
7b. Has your doctor ever said your blood oxygen level is low at rest or during exercise and/or that you require supplemental oxygen therapy?
7c. If asthmatic, do you currently have symptoms of chest tightness, wheezing, laboured breathing, consistent cough (more than 2 days/week), or have you used your rescue medication more than twice in the last week?
7d. Has your doctor ever said you have high blood pressure in the blood vessels of your lungs?
8. Do you have a Spinal Cord Injury? (This includes Tetraplegia and Paraplegia.)
8a. Do you have difficulty controlling your condition with medications or other physician-prescribed therapies? (Answer NO if you are not currently taking medications or other treatments)
8b. Do you commonly exhibit low resting blood pressure significant enough to cause dizziness, light-headedness, and/or fainting?
8c. Has your physician indicated that you exhibit sudden bouts of high blood pressure (known as Autonomic Dysreflexia)?
9. Have you had a Stroke? (This includes Transient Ischemic Attack (TIA) or Cerebrovascular Event.)
9a. Do you have difficulty controlling your condition with medications or other physician-prescribed therapies? (Answer NO if you are not currently taking medications or other treatments)
9b. Do you have any impairment in walking or mobility?
9c. Have you experienced a stroke or impairment in nerves or muscles in the past 6 months?
10. Do you have any other medical condition not listed above or do you have two or more medical conditions?
10a. Have you experienced a blackout, fainted, or lost consciousness as a result of a head injury within the last 12 months OR have you had a diagnosed concussion within the last 12 months?
10b. Do you have a medical condition that is not listed (such as epilepsy, neurological conditions, kidney problems)?
10c. Do you currently live with two or more medical conditions?
PLEASE LIST YOUR MEDICAL CONDITION(S) AND ANY RELATED MEDICATIONS HERE:
    Continue for recommendations about your current medical condition(s) and sign the PARTICIPANT DECLARATION.    

     If you answered NO to all of the follow-up questions about your medical condition,You are ready to become more physically active - sign the PARTICIPANT DECLARATION below:  It is advised that you consult a qualified exercise professional to help you develop a safe and effective physical activity plan to meet your health needs.  You are encouraged to start slowly and build up gradually - 20 to 60 minutes of low to moderate intensity exercise, 3-5 days per week including aerobic and muscle strengthening exercises.  As you progress, you should aim to accumulate 150 minutes or more of moderate intensity physical activity per week.  If you are over the age of 45 yr and NOT accustomed to regular vigorous to maximal effort exercise, consult a qualified exercise professional before engaging in this intensity of exercise.       
   If you answered YES to one or more of the follow-up questions about your medical condition: You should seek further information before becoming more physically active or engaging in a fitness appraisal. You should complete the specially designed online screening and exercise recommendations program - the ePARmed-X+ at www.eparmedx.com and/or visit a qualified exercise professional to work through the ePARmed-X+ and for further information.      
    Delay becoming more active if:  You have a temporary illness such as a cold or fever; it is best to wait until you feel better.  You are pregnant - talk to your health care practitioner, your physician, a qualified exercise professional, and/or complete the ePARmed-X+ at www.eparmedx.com before becoming more physically active.  Your health changes - talk to your doctor or qualified exercise professional before continuing with any physical activity program.       
 You must use the entire questionnaire and NO changes are permitted.  The authors, the PAR-Q+ Collaboration, partner organizations, and their agents assume no liability for persons who undertake physical activity and/or make use of the PAR-Q+ or ePARmed-X+.  If in doubt after completing the questionnaire, consult your doctor prior to physical activity. 
PARTICIPANT DECLARATION  All persons who have completed the PAR-Q+ please read and sign the declaration below. If you are less than the legal age required for consent or require the assent of a care provider, your parent, guardian or care provider must also sign this form.  I, the undersigned, have read, understood to my full satisfaction and completed this questionnaire. I acknowledge that this physical activity clearance is valid for a maximum of 12 months from the date it is completed and becomes invalid if my condition changes. I also acknowledge that a Trustee (such as my employer, community/fitness centre, health care provider, or other designate) may retain a copy of this form for their records. In these instances, the Trustee will be required to adhere to local, national, and international guidelines regarding the storage of personal health information ensuring that the Trustee maintains the privacy of the information and does not misuse or wrongfully disclose such information.
NAME
DATE
SIGNATURE
WITNESS
SIGNATURE OF PARENT/GUARDIAN/CARE PROVIDER
First Name
Last Name
Todays Date
1. Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes (5 packs=100 cigarettes) in your entire life?
2. How old were you when you first smoked a cigarette (even one or two puffs)?
3. How old were you when you first began smoking cigarettes regularly?
4. How many total years have you smoked (or did you smoke) cigarettes? Do not
 
 count any time you may have stayed off cigarettes.
5. On average when you have smoked, about how many cigarettes do you (or did you)
 
 smoke a day?
 
 
 
 A pack usually has 20 cigarettes in it.
6. How long has it been since you last smoked a cigarette (even one or two puffs)?
 
 
 
 First check which one of the following choices applies to you. Then, if applicable, write a number on the next question for how many days, weeks, months, or years it has been since your last cigarette. 
Number of days since last cigarette:
Number of weeks since last cigarette:
Number of months since last cigarette:
Number of years since last cigarette:
INSTRUCTIONS
 
On the following page you will be asked about when you were first told you had cancer. If you have been diagnosed with cancer more than once, please answer these questions about your most recent cancer diagnosis. 
a. The year before you were first told you had cancer
b. After diagnosis, and before treatment started
c. From 2 days before your last cancer surgery to 2 days after
d. During the course of treatment
e. After treatment ended
f. Since your last visit to this clinic
8. Since you were first told you had cancer, which of the following products have you used regularly?
 
 
 
 Check all that apply.
Please specify:
9. Since you were first told you had cancer, what was the longest time you stayed (or have stayed) off cigarettes?
Number of days stayed off cigarettes:
Number of weeks stayed off cigarettes:
Number of months stayed off cigarettes:
Number of years stayed off cigarettes:
10a. In the past 30 days, have you smoked any cigarettes, even one or two puffs?
10b. In the past 30 days, on how many days did you smoke cigarettes?
11. Since you were first told you had cancer, which of the following products have you
 
 used to quit (or to stay off) smoking cigarettes?
 
  Check all that apply. 
Please specify:
12. Since you were first told you had cancer, what assistance have you used to quit (or
 
 to stay off) smoking cigarettes?
 
 
 
  Check all that apply. 
Please specify:
13. Have your cancer doctors advised you to quit smoking cigarettes?
14. In the past 30 days, have you been trying to quit (or trying to stay off) smoking
 
 cigarettes?
15. In the past 30 days, what, if any, products have you used to quit (or to stay off)
 
 smoking cigarettes?
 
 
 
 
 
 Check all that apply. 
Please specify:
16. In the past 30 days, what assistance have you used to quit (or to stay off) smoking
 
 cigarettes?
 
 
 
 
 
 Check all that apply. 
Please specify:
17. Which of the following products have you ever used regularly?
 
 
 
 Check all that apply. 
Please specify:
18. In the past 30 days, which of the following products have you used?
 
 
 
 Check all that apply. 
Please specify:
19. Are you currently living with a smoker?
a.  Lived in a place where other people smoked cigarettes indoors?
b. Worked in a place where other people smoked cigarettes indoors?
21. Thinking of all your childhood and adult years, have you ever lived in a place where other people smoked cigarettes indoors?
In total, for about how many years?
22. Thinking of all the years you have worked, have you ever worked in a place where other people smoked cigarettes indoors?
In total, for about how many years?
Patient Name:
Today's Date:
Over the past month or so, how often have you had a sensation of not emptying your bladder completely after you finished urinating?
During the past month or so, how often have you had to urinate again less than two hours after you finished urinating?
During the past month or so, how often have you found you stopped and started again several times when you urinated?
During the past month or so, how often have you found it difficult to postpone urination?
During the past month or so, how often have you had a weak urinary stream?
During the past month or so, how often have you had to push or strain to begin urination?
Over the past month, how many times per night did you most typically get up to urinate from the time you went to bed at night until the time you got up in the morning?
Add the score for each number above and write the total in the space to the right
 
 SYMPTOM SCORE: 1-7 (Mild) 8-19 (Moderate) 20-35 (Severe)
How would you feel if you had to live with your urinary condition the way it is now, no better, no worse, for the rest of your life?
CHAMPS: Community Healthy Activities Model Program for Seniors
Institute for Health & Aging, University of California San Francisco
Stanford Center for Research i Disease Prevention, Stanford University

(11/06/00) Â© Copyright 1998
Do not reproduce without permission of the CHAMPS staff
Contact: Anita L. Stewart, Ph.D., UCSF, anitast@itsa.ucsf.edu

Date:
Name or ID:
This questionnaire is about activities that you may have done in the past 4 weeks.  

The questions that follow are similar to the example shown below.
If you DID the activity in the past 4 weeks:
Step #1  -  Check the YES box.

Step #2  -  Think about how many TIMES a week you usually did it, and write your response in the space provided.

Step #3  -  Select the button for how many TOTAL HOURS in a typical week you did the activity.
In a typical week during the past 4 weeks, did you...
1.  Visit with friends or family (other than those you live with)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
If you DID NOT do the activity:
* Check the NO box and move to the next question
In a typical week during the past 4 weeks, did you...
1.  Visit with friends or family (other than those you live with) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
2.  Go to the senior center ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
3.  Do volunteer work ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
4.  Attend church or take part in church activities ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
5.  Attend other club or group meetings ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
6.  Use a computer?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
In a typical week during the past 4 weeks, did you...
7.  Dance (such as square, folk, line, ballroom)(do not count aerobic dance here) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
8.  Do woodworking, needlework, drawing, or other arts or crafts?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
9.  Play golf, carrying or pulling your equipment (count walking time only)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
10.  Play golf, riding a cart (count walking time only)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
11.  Attend a concert, movie, lecture, or sport event ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
12. Play cards, bingo, or board games with other people ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
In a typical week during the past 4 weeks, did you...
13. Shoot pool or billiards ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
14. Play singles tennis (do not count doubles) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
15. Play doubles tennis (do not count singles) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
16. Skate (ice, roller, in-line)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
17. Play a musical instrument?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
18. Read?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
19. Do heavy work around the house (such as washing windows, cleaning gutters)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
In a typical week during the past 4 weeks, did you...
20. Do light work around the house (such as sweeping or vacuuming)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
21. Do heavy gardening (such as spading, raking)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
22. Do light gardening (such as watering plants) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
23. Work on your car, truck, lawn mower or other machinery?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
** Please note: For the following questions about running and walking, include use of a treadmill.
24.  Jog or run?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
25. Walk uphill or hike uphill (count only uphill part)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
In a typical week during the past 4 weeks, did you...
26. Walk fast or briskly for exercise (do not count walking leisurely or uphill)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
27. Walk to do errands (such as to/from a store or to take children to school) (count walk time only)?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
28. Walk leisurely for exercise or pleasure?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
29. Ride a bicycle or stationary cycle?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
30. Do other aerobic machines such as rowing, or step machines (do not count treadmill or stationary cycle) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
31. Do water exercises (do not count other swimming) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
In a typical week during the past 4 weeks, did you...
32. Swim moderately or fast ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
33. Swim gently ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
34. Do stretching or flexibility exercises (do not count yoga or Tai-chi) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
35. Do yoga or Tai-chi ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
36. Do aerobics or aerobic dancing ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
37. Do moderate to heavy strength training (such as hand-held weights of more than 5 lbs., weight machines, or push-ups) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
In a typical week during the past 4 weeks, did you...
38. Do light strength training (such as hand-held weights of  5 lbs. or less  or elastic bands) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
39. Do general conditioning exercises, such as light calisthenics or chair exercises (do  not  count strength training) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
40. Play basketball, soccer, or racquetball (do not count time on sidelines) ?
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
41. Do other types of physical activity not previously mentioned ?
Please specify
How many TIMES a week?
How many TOTAL hours a week did you usually do it?
THANK YOU
Today's Date (please enter date when survey completed):
Name (optional):
Date of Birth (optional):
1. Over the past 4 weeks, how often have you leaked urine? (Choose one response)  
2. Over the past 4 weeks, how often have you urinated blood? ((Choose one response)
3. Over the past 4 weeks, how often have you had pain or burning with urination? (Choose one response)
4. Which of the following best describes your urinary control during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
5. How many pads or adult diapers per day did you use to control leakage during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
Dripping or leaking urine
Pain or burning on urination
Bleeding with urination
Weak urine stream or incomplete emptying
Waking up to urinate
Need to urinate frequently during the day
7. Overall, how big a problem has your urinary function been for you during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
8. How often have you had rectal urgencduring the last 4 weeksy (felt like I had to pass stool, but did not) during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
9. How often have you had uncontrolled leakage of stool or feces? (Choose one response)
10. How often have you had stools (bowel movements) that were loose or liquid (no form, watery, mushy) during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
11. How often have you had bloody stools during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
12. How often have your bowel movements been painful during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
13. How many bowel movements have you had on a typical day during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
14. How often have you had crampy pain in your abdomen, pelvis or rectum during the last 4 weeks?
a. Urgency to have a bowel movement
b. Increased frequency of bowel movements
c. Watery bowel movements
d. Losing control of your stools
e. Bloody stools
f. Abdominal/Pelvic/Rectal pain
16. Overall, how big a problem have your bowel habits been for you during the last 4 weeks?  (Choose one response)
a. Your level of sexual desire?
b. Your ability to have an erection?
c. Your ability to reach orgasm (climax)?
18. How would you describe the usual QUALITY of your erections during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
19. How would you describe the FREQUENCY of your erections during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
20. How often have you woken in the morning or night with an erection during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
21. During the last 4 weeks, how often did you have any sexual activity? (Choose one response)
22. During the last 4 weeks, how often did you have sexual intercourse? (Choose one response)
23. Overall, how would you rate your ability to function sexually during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
a. Your level of sexual desire
b. Your ability to have an erection
c. Your ability to reach an orgasm
25. Overall, how big a problem has your sexual function or lack of sexual function been for you during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
26. Over the last 4 weeks, how often have you experienced hot flashes? (Choose one response)
27. How often have you had breast tenderness during the last 4 weeks? (Choose one response)
28. During the last 4 weeks, how often have you felt depressed? (Choose one response)
29. During the last 4 weeks, how often have you felt a lack of energy? (Choose one response)
30. How much change in your weight have you experienced during the last 4 weeks, if any? (Choose one response)
a. Hot flashes
b. Breast tenderness/enlargement
c. Loss of body hair
d. Feeling depressed
e. Lack of energy
f. Change in body weight
32. Overall, how satisfied are you with the treatment you received for your prostate cancer? (Choose one response)
Scoring instructions attached
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Stage
Staging Time Point
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
Patient name
Date
1. If I do not have enough time to do everything, I do not worry about it
2. My worries overwhelm me.
3. I do not tend to worry about things.
4. Many situations make me worry.
5. I know I should not worry about things, but I just cannot help it.
6. When I am under pressure I worry a lot.
7. I am always worrying about something.
8. I find it easy to dismiss worrisome thoughts.
9. As soon as I finish one task, I start to worry about everything else I have to do.
10. I never worry about anything.
11. When there is nothing more I can do about a concern, I do not worry about it any more.
12. I have been a worrier all my life.
13. I notice that I have been worrying about things.
14. Once I start worrying, I cannot stop.
15. I worry all the time.
16. I worry about projects until they are all done.
Score
Citation: Meyer TJ, Miller ML, Metzger RL, Borkovec TD: Development and
 Validation of the Penn State Worry Questionnaire. Behaviour Research
 and Therapy 28:487-495,1990
How confident are you filling out medical forms by yourself? 
How often do you have someone help you read hospital materials? 
How often do you have problems learning about your medical condition because of difficulty understanding written information? 
You'd better be cautious when dealing with healthcare organizations.
Patients have sometimes been deceived or mislead by healthcare organizations.
When healthcare organizations make mistakes they usually cover it up.
Healthcare organizations have sometimes done harmful experiments on patients without their knowledge.
Healthcare organizations don't always keep your information totally private.
Sometimes I wonder if healthcare organizations really know what they are doing.
Mistakes are common in healthcare organizations.
Laboratory Data Source
Performing Laboratory Name
Block #
Report Date
Reviewing Pathologist
Path Report ID#
Number of specimens submitted
1. Are you basically satisfied with your life ?
10. Do you often feel helpless ?
11. Do you often get restless and fidgety ?
12. Do you prefer to stay at home, rather than going out and doing new things ?
13. Do you frequently worry about the future ?
14. Do you feel you have more problems with memory than most ?
15. Do you think it is wonderful to be alive now ?
16. Do you often feel downhearted and blue ?
17. Do you feel pretty worthless the way you are now ?
18. Do you worry a lot about the past ?
19. Do you find life very exciting ?
2. Have you dropped many of your activities and interests ?
20. Is it hard for you to get started on new projects ?
21. Do you feel full of energy ?
22. Do you feel that your situation is hopeless ?
23. Do you think that most people are better off than you are ?
24. Do you frequently get upset over little things ?
25. Do you frequently feel like crying ?
26. Do you have trouble concentrating ?
27. Do you enjoy getting up in the morning ?
28. Do you prefer to avoid social gatherings ?
29. Is it easy for you to make decisions ?
3. Do you feel that your life is empty ?
30. Is your mind as clear as it used to be ?
4. Do you often get bored ?
5. Are you hopeful about the future ?
6. Are you bothered by thoughts you can t get out of your head ?
7. Are you in good spirits most of the time ?
8. Are you afraid that something bad is going to happen to you ?
9. Do you feel happy most of the time ?
Instructions: Indicate for each item the term that best describes the degree of impairment. For illnesses that cause impairment on more than one of the items, more than one item must be rated.   For example: A CVA may impair neurological, vascular, and musculo-skeletal-integumentary systems. A tumor with metastasis requires a rating under the item describing the primary site of the cancer and a rating under the vascular system, describing the extent of the lymph node involvement.   When more than one illness occurs for a given item, it is the total impairment from these illnesses that is rated.   Each system should be rated as follows:   0=NONE: No impairment to that organ/system   1=MILD: Impairment does not interfere with normal activity; treatment may not be required; prognosis is excellent (ex: skin lesions, hernias, hemorrhoids)   2=MODERATE: Impairment interferes with normal activity; treatment is needed; prognosis is good (ex:gallstones, diabetes, fractures)   3=SEVERE: Impairment is disabling; treatment is urgently needed; prognosis is guarded (ex: respectable carcinoma, pulmonary emphysema, congestive heart failure)   4=EXTREMELY SEVERE: Impairment is life threatening; treatment is urgent or of no avail; prognosis is grave (ex: myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, gastrointestinal bleeding, embolus)
1. Cardiac (heart only)
2. Vascular (blood, blood vessels and cells, marrow, spleen, lymphatics)
3. Respiratory (lungs, bronchi, trachea belaw the larynx)
4. EENT (eye, ears, nose, throat)
5. Upper GI (esophagus, stomach, duodenum, biliary and pancreatic trees)
6. Lower GI (intestines, hernias)
7. Hepatic (liver only)
8. Renal (kidneys only)
9. Other GU (ureters, bladder, urethra, prostate, genitals)
10. MSI (muscles, bone, skin)
11. Neurological (brain, spinal cord, nerves; do not include dementia)
12. Psychiatric (mental)
13. Endocrine-Metabolic (includes diabetes, diffuse infections, infections, toxicity)
Total Pathology Score
Medical History Date
Ongoing
Description
Finding
Body System
Other (Body) System/Site Text
Medical History Assessment Indicator
Date:
Name of child:
Person completing checklist:
Your child's social development 
Your child's ability to communicate 
Tantrums/meltdowns 
Aggressive behavior (siblings, peers) 
Self-injurious behavior 
Difficulty making transitions from one activity to another 
Sleep problems 
Your child's diet 
Bowel problems (diarrhea, constipation) 
Potty training 
Not feeling close to your child 
Concern for the future of your child being accepted by others 
Concern for the future of your child living independently 
Total
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Staging Time Point
Agent Name
Dispense Date
Date Study Agent Returned
Specify Reason for Noncompliance
Agent Code
Study Treatment Identification Number
Formulation
Frequency
Route
Flow Rate
Regimen Name
Total # of Courses Received
Therapy Type
Therapy type other specify
Total Volume Administered to Participant
Start Date
Stop Date
Dose
Units of Measure
Start Time
Stop Time
1. Before I solve a diabetes problem I try to understand as much as I can about it.
2. When I think a situation will get in the way of taking care of diabetes, I try to prevent that from happening. 
3. If I don't understand how to do something related to my diabetes, I try to get that information pretty quickly.
4. I try to look at a diabetes problem in different ways before I take action.
5. I try to predict what will happen if I choose a certain solution to a diabetes problem.
6. Before I try a solution with my diabetes I try to figure out what could go wrong.
7. Before I try to solve a diabetes problem, I like to be clear on a plan. 
8. I don't let a diabetes problem go on too long before I take action.
9. I follow through and put my diabetes solutions into action.
10. If a solution to a diabetes problem doesn't work, I try to figure out why
11. After trying to solve a diabetes problem I notice if the situation is better.
12. I learn something when a solution to a diabetes problem doesn't work.
13. If my first solution doesn't work, I go back and try to solve the diabetes problem again.
Date of CSHQ
Person completing Childs Sleep Habits Questionnaire
Time at which the child goes to sleep 
Item 1:   Child goes to bed at the same time at night (R) (1)  
Problem?
Item 2:  Child falls asleep within 20 minutes after going to bed (R) (2)  
Problem?
Item 3:  Child falls asleep alone in own bed (R) (3)  
Problem?
Item 4:   Child falls asleep in parent's or siblings's bed (4) 
Problem?
Item 5:   Child falls asleep with rocking or rhythmic movements  
Problem?
Item 6:  Child needs special object to fall asleep (doll, special blanket, etc.)   
Problem?
Item 7:  Child needs parent in the room to fall asleep (5)   
Problem?
Item 8:  Child is ready to go to bed at bedtime   
Problem?
Item 9:   Child resists going to bed at bedtime  
Problem?
Item 10:   Child struggles at bedtime (cries, refuses to stay in bed, etc.) (6)   
Problem?
Item 11:  Child is afraid of sleeping in the dark (7)   
Problem?
Item 12:   Child is afraid of sleeping alone (8)   
Problem?
Number of minutes the child sleeps per night
Item 13:  Child sleeps too little (9)   
Problem?
Item 14:  Child sleeps too much  
Problem?
Item 15:   Child sleeps the right amount (R) (10)  
Problem?
Item 16:   Child sleeps about the same amount each day (R) (11)  
Problem?
Item 17:   Child wets the bed at night (12)   
Problem?
Item 18:  Child talks during sleep (13)   
Problem?
Item 19:  Child is restless and moves a lot during sleep (14)   
Problem?
Item 20:   Child sleepwalks during the night (15)   
Problem?
Item 21:   Child moves to someone else's bed during the night (parent, brother, sister, etc.) (16)   
Problem?
Item 22:   Child reports body pains during sleep   
Problem?
Item 23:   Child grinds teeth during sleep (your dentist may have told you this) (17)  
Problem?
Item 24:   Child snores loudly (18)   
Problem?
Item 25:  Child seems to stop breathing during sleep (19)  
Problem?
Item 26:  Child snorts and/or gasps during sleep (20)  
Problem?
Item 27:   Child has trouble sleeping away from home (visiting relatives, vacation) (21)   
Problem?
Item 28:  Child complains about problems sleeping 
Problem?
Item 29:   Child awakens during night screaming, sweating, and inconsolable (22)  
Problem?
Item 30:   Child awakens alarmed by a frightening dream (23)  
Problem?
Item 31:   Child awakes once during the night (24)   
Problem?
Item 32:   Child awakes more than once during the night (25)  
Problem?
Item 33:   Child returns to sleep without help after waking   
Problem?
Number of minutes a night waking usually lasts
Time of day child usually wakes in the morning
Item 34:   Child wakes up by him/herself (26) (R)   
Problem?
Item 35:   Child wakes up with alarm clock  
Problem?
Item 36:   Child wakes up in negative mood (27)   
Problem?
Item 37:   Adults or siblings wake up child (28)   
Problem?
Item 38:  Child has difficulty getting out of bed in the morning (29)  
Problem?
Item 39:   Child takes a long time to become alert in the morning (30)  
Problem?
Item 40:   Child wakes up very early in the morning   
Problem?
Item 41:   Child has a good appetite in the morning 
Problem?
Item 42:   Child naps during the day  
Problem?
Item 43:   Child suddenly falls asleep in the middle of active behavior  
Problem?
Item 44:  Child seems tired (31)  
Problem?
Item 45:   Play alone  
Item 46:   Watching TV (32)  
Item 47:  Riding in car (33)  
Item 48:   Eating meals 
Sleep Journal Publication
Numbered survey form example
Scan the source document form and upload.
Scoring instructions
Think about what you usually ate last month.

Please think about all the fruits and vegetables that you ate last month. Include those that  were:
 raw and cooked,
 eaten as snacks and at meals,
 eaten at home and away from home (restaurants, friends, take-out), and
 eaten alone and mixed with other foods.





Report how many times per month, week, or day you ate each food, and if you ate it, how much you usually had.

Choose the best answer for each question. Choose only one answer for each question

1. Over the last month, how many times per month, week, or day did you drink 100% juice such as orange, apple, grape, or grapefruit juice? Do not count fruit drinks like Kool-Aid, lemonade, Hi-C, cranberry juice drink, Tang, and Twister. Include juice you drank at all mealtimes and between meals.
1a. Each time you drank 100% juice, how much did you usually drink?

2. Over the last month, how many times per month, week, or day did you eat fruit? Count any kind of fruit -- fresh, canned, and frozen. Do not count juices. Include fruit you ate at all mealtimes and for snacks.
2a. Each time you ate fruit, how much did you usually eat?

3. Over the last month, how often did you eat lettuce  salad (with or without other vgetables)?
3a. Each time you ate lettuce salad, how much did you usually eat?

4. Over the last month, how often did you eat french fries or fried potatoes?
4a. Each time you ate french fries or fried potatoes, how much did you usually eat?

5. Over the last month, how often did you eat other white potatoes? Count baked, boiled, and mashed potatoes, potato salad, and white potatoes that were not fried.
5a. Each time you ate these potatoes, how much did you usually eat?

6. Over the last month, how often did you eat cooked dried beans? Count baked beans, bean soup, refried beans, pork and beans and other bean dishes.
6a. Each time you ate these beans, how much did you usually eat?

7. Over the last month, how often did you eat other vegetables? DO NOT COUNT: lettuce salads; white potatoes; cooked dried beans; vegetables in mixtures, such as in sanwitches, omelets, casseroles; Mexican dishes; stew, stir-fry; soups, etc.; rice. COUNT: all other vegetables - raw, cooked, canned, and frozen.
7a. Each of these times that you ate other vegetables, how much did you usually eat?

8. Over the last month, how often did you eat tomato sauce? Include tomato sauce on pasta or macaroni, rice, pizza and other dishes.
8a. Each time you ate tomato sauce, how much did you usually eat?

9. Over the last month, how often did you eat vegetable soups? Include tomato soup, gazpacho, beef with vegetable soup, minestrone soup, and other soups made with vegetables.
9a. Each time you ate vegetable soup, how much did you usually eat?

10. Over the last month, how often did you eat mixtures that included vegetables? Count such foods as sandwiches, casseroles, stews, stir-fry, omelets and tacos.

Estimate of daily number of Pyramid/MyPyramid servings:
Was imaging completed?
Indicate the image quality:
Which of the following affected the Quality of the image? (check all apply)
Which of the following affected the Quality of the image? (Other specify)
Medical reason imaging was not completed
(Provide) Reason imaging was not completed
Other reason imaging was not completed
Social Determinants of Health
Thank you (again) for being a part of the  All of Us  Research Program. Many things can make us sick or keep us healthy. Where you were born or where you live, go to school, or work can affect your health. These are sometimes referred to as social factors, or the "social determinants", of health. Help us learn more by completing this survey about your neighborhood, social life, stress, and feelings about your everyday life. This survey will take less than 10 minutes to complete. Please answer each question as honestly as possible. It is important that you answer as many questions as you can. We are looking for your own answers, and not what you think your doctors, family, or friends want you to say.Don't feel like you have to spend a long time on each question. The first answer that comes to you is usually the best one. If you aren't sure how to answer a question, choose the best answer from the options given. Some of the questions may be sensitive. You can choose not to answer.
People around here are willing to help their neighbors.
People in my neighborhood generally get along with each other.
People in my neighborhood can be trusted.
People in my neighborhood share the same values.
There is a lot of graffiti in my neighborhood.
My neighborhood is noisy.
Vandalism is common in my neighborhood.
There are lot of abandoned buildings in my neighborhood.
My neighborhood is clean.
People in my neighborhood take good care of their houses and apartments.
There are too many people hanging around on the streets near my home.
There is a lot of crime in my neighborhood.
There is too much drug use in my neighborhood.
There is too much alcohol use in my neighborhood.
I'm always having trouble with my neighbors.
In my neighborhood, people watch out for each other.
My neighborhood is safe.
What is the main type of housing in your neighborhood? 
Many shops, stores, markets or other places to buy things I need are within easy walking distance of my home. Would you say that you...

It is within a 10-15 minute walk to a transit stop (such as bus, train, trolley, or tram) from my home. Would you say that you...
There are sidewalks on most of the streets in my neighborhood. Would you say that you...
There are facilities to bicycle in or near my neighborhood, such as special lanes, separate paths or trails, or shared use paths for cycles and pedestrians. Would you say that you...
My neighborhood has several free or low-cost recreation facilities, such as parks, walking trails, bike paths, recreation centers, playgrounds, public swimming pools, etc. Would you say that you...
The crime rate in my neighborhood makes it unsafe to go on walks at night. Would you say that you...
The crime rate in my neighborhood makes it unsafe to go on walks during the day. Would you say that you...
Someone to help you if you were confined to bed
Someone to take you to the doctor if you need it
Someone to prepare your meals if you were unable to do it yourself
Someone to help with daily chores if you were sick
Someone to have a good time with
Someone to turn to for suggestions about how to deal with a personal problem
Someone who understands your problems
Someone to love and make you feel wanted
I lack companionship
There is no one I can turn to 
I am an outgoing person
I feel left out
I feel isolated from others
I can find companionship when I want it
I am unhappy being so withdrawn
People are around me but not with me
You are treated with less courtesy than other people are.
You are treated with less respect than other people are.
You receive poorer service than other people at restaurants or stores.
People act as if they think you are not smart.
People act as if they are afraid of you.
People act as if they think you are dishonest.
People act as if they're better than you are.
You are called names or insulted.
You are threatened or harassed.
What do you think is the main reason for these experiences? 
Please specify.
You are treated with less courtesy than other people.
You are treated with less respect than other people.
You receive poorer service than others.
A doctor or nurse acts as if he or she thinks you are not smart.
A doctor or nurse acts as if he or she is afraid of you.
A doctor or nurse acts as if he or she is better than you.
You feel like a doctor or nurse is not listening to what you were saying.
Within the past 12 months, we worried whether our food would run out before we got money to buy more.
Within the past 12 months, the food we bought just didn't last and we didn't have money to get more.
In the last 12 months, how many times have you or your family moved from one home to another?

Number of moves in past 12 months:
Think about the place you live. Do you have problems with any of the following? Select all that apply.
In the last month, how often have you been upset because of something that happened unexpectedly?
In the last month, how often have you felt that you were unable to control the important things in your life?

In the last month, how often have you felt nervous and "stressed"?
In the last month, how often have you felt confident about your ability to handle your personal problems?
In the last month, how often have you felt that things were going your way?
In the last month, how often have you found that you could not cope with all the things that you had to do?
In the last month, how often have you been able to control irritations in your life?
In the last month, how often have you felt that you were on top of things?
In the last month, how often have you been angered because of things that were outside of your control?
In the last month, how often have you felt difficulties were piling up so high that you could not overcome them?
I feel God's (or a higher power's) presence
I find strength and comfort in my religion
I feel deep inner peace or harmony
I desire to be closer to or in union with God (or a higher power)
I feel God's (or a higher power's) love for me, directly or through others
I am spiritually touched by the beauty of creation
How often do you go to religious meetings or services?
Do you speak a language other than English at home?
Since you speak a language other than English at home, we are interested in your own thoughts about how well you think you speak English.

Would you say you speak English...
If you or someone you care about needs help:

NIMH Getting Help page: https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/find-help/index.shtml

Do you live with the patient?
Do you sleep in the same room as the patient?
If no, is it because of his/her sleep behaviors (i.e. snores too loud, acts out dreams, etc.)?
1. Have you ever seen the patient appear to "act out his/her dreams" while sleeping? (punched or flailed arms in the air, shouted or screamed)

If Yes,
a. How many months or years has this been going on?

b. Has the patient ever been injured from these behaviors (bruises, cuts, broken bones?
c. Has a bedpartner ever been injured from these behaviors (bruises, blows, pulled hair)?
d. Has the patient told you about dreams of being chased, attacked or that involve defending himself/herself?
e. If the patient woke up and told you about a dream, did the details of the dream match the movements made while sleeping?
2. Do the patient's legs repeatedly jerk or twitch during sleep (not just when falling asleep)?
3. Does the patient complain of a restless, nervous, tingly, or creepy-crawly feeling in his/her legs that disrupts his/her ability to fall or stay asleep?
If Yes,
a. Does the patient tell you that these leg sensations decrease when he/she moves them or walks around?
b. When do these sensations seem to be the worst?
4. Has the patient ever walked around the bedroom or house while asleep?
5. Has the patient ever snorted or choked him/herself awake?
6. Does the patient ever seem to stop breathing during sleep?
If Yes,
a. Is the patient currently being treated for this (e.g., CPAP)?
7. Does the patient have leg cramps at night? (e.g., also called a "charlie horse" with intense pain in certain muscles in the leg)?
8. Rate the patient's general level of alertness for the past 3 weeks on a scale from 0 to 10.
1. Asked for my ideas when we made a treatment plan.
2. Given choices about treatment to think about.
3. Asked to talk about any problems with my medicines or their effects.
4. Given a written list of things I should do to improve my health.
5. Satisfied that my care was well organized.
6. Shown how what I did to take care of myself influenced my condition.
7. Asked to talk about my goals in caring for my condition.
8. Helped to set specific goals to improve my eating or exercise.
9. Given a copy of my treatment plan.
10. Encouraged to go to a specific group or class to help me cope with my chronic condition.
11. Asked questions, either directly or on a survey, about my health habits.
12. Sure that my doctor or nurse thought about my values, beliefs, and traditions when they recommended treatments to me.
13. Helped to make a treatment plan that I could carry out in my daily life.
14. Helped to plan ahead so I could take care of my condition even in hard times.
15. Asked how my chronic condition affects my life.
16. Contacted after a visit to see how things were going.
17. Encouraged to attend programs in the community that could help me.
18. Referred to a dietitian, health educator, or counselor.
19. Told how my visits with other types of doctors, like an eye doctor or other specialist, helped my treatment.
20. Asked how my visits with other doctors were going.
1. I can't think straight when in pain
2. During painful episodes it is difficult for me to think of anything besides the pain
3. When I hurt I think about pain constantly
4. I find it hard to concentrate when I hurt
5. I worry when I am in pain
6. I go immediately to bed when I feel severe pain
7. I will stop any activity as soon as I sense pain coming on
8. As soon as pain comes on I take medication to reduce it
9. I avoid important activities when I hurt
10. I try to avoid activities that cause pain
11. I think that if my pain gets too severe it will never decrease
12. When I feel pain I am afraid that something terrible will happen
13. When I feel pain I think I might be seriously ill
14. Pain sensations are terrifying
15. When pain comes on strong I think that I might become paralyzed or more disabled
16. I begin trembling when engaged in activity that increases pain
17. Pain seems to cause my heart to pound or race
18. When I sense pain I feel dizzy or faint
19. Pain makes me nauseous
20. I find it difficult to calm my body down after periods of pain
Cognitive (Items 1 to 5)
Escape/Avoidance (Items 6 to 10)
Fear (Items 11 to 15)
Physiological Anxiety (Items 16 to 20)
Total Score
1a. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do vigorous physical activities like heavy lifting, digging, aerobics, or fast bicycling?  Think about only those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time. 
1b.	How much time in total did you usually spend on one of those days doing vigorous physical activities?
hours
minutes
2a. Again, think only about those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time. During the last 7 days, on how many days did you do moderate physical activities like carrying light loads, bicycling at a regular pace, or doubles tennis? Do not include walking.
2b.	How much time in total did you usually spend on one of those days doing moderate physical activities?
hours
minutes
3a.	During the last 7 days, on how many days did you walk for at least 10 minutes at a time? This includes walking at work and at home, walking to travel from place to place, and any other walking that you did solely for recreation, sport, exercise or leisure.
3b.	How much time in total did you usually spend walking on one of those days?
hours
minutes
The last question is about the time you spent sitting on weekdays while at work, at home, while doing course work and during leisure time.  This includes time spent sitting at a desk, visiting friends, reading traveling on a bus or sitting or lying down to watch television.
4. During the last 7 days, how much time in total did you usually spend sitting on a week day? 
hours
minutes
This is the end of the questionnaire, thank you for participating.
*These scales should NOT be used alone to make any diagnosis.   NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-TEACHER Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-TEACHER Informant
Teacher's Name
Class Time
Class Name/Period:
Today's Date
Child's Name
Grade Level
Please indicate the number of weeks or months you have been able to evaluate the behaviors:
Is this evaluation based on a time when the child
1. Fails to give attention to details or makes careless mistakes in schoolwork
2. Has difficulty sustaining attention to tasks or activities
3. Does not seem to listen when spoken to directly
4. Does not follow through on instructions and fails to finish schoolwork  (not due to oppositional behavior or failure to understand)
5. Has difficulty organizing tasks and activities
6. Avoids, dislikes, or does not want to start tasks that require ongoing mental effort
7. Loses things necessary for tasks or activities (toys, assignments, pencils, or books)
8. Is easily distracted by noises or other stimuli
9. Is forgetful in daily activities
10. Fidgets with hands or feet or squirms in seat
11. Leaves seat in classroom or in other situations in which remaining  seated is expected
12. Runs about or climbs too much when remaining seated is expected
13. Has difficulty playing or engaging in leisure activities quietly
14. Is "on the go" or often acts as if "driven by a motor"
15. Talks excessively
16. Blurts out answers before questions have been completed
17. Has difficulty waiting in line
18. Interrupts or intrudes on others (eg, butts into conversations/games)
19. Loses temper
20. Actively defies or refuses to comply with adult's requests or rules
21. Is angry or resentful
22. Is spiteful and vindictive
23. Bullies, threatens, or intimidates others
24. Initiates physical fights
25. Lies to obtain goods for favors or to avoid obligations (eg, "cons" others)
26. Is physically cruel to people
27. Has stolen items of nontrivial value
28. Deliberately destroys others' property
29. Is fearful, anxious, or worried
30. Is self-conscious or easily embarrassed
31. Is afraid to try new things for fear of making mistakes
32. Feels worthless or inferior
33. Blames self for problems; feels guilty
34. Feels lonely, unwanted, or unloved; complains that "no one loves him or her"
35. Is sad, unhappy, or depressed
36. Reading
37. Mathematics
38. Written expression
39. Relationship with peers
40. Following directions
41. Disrupting class
42. Assignment completion
43. Organizational skills
Explain/Comments:
Scoring Instructions for the NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scales
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3i n questions 1-9:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 10-18:
Total Symptom Score for questions 1-18:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 19-28:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 29-35:
Total number of questions scored 4 or 5 in questions 36-43:
Average Performance Score:
What should I know before participating?

The All of Us Research Program is interested in understanding the changes in your experiences and health during the time of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. Help us learn more by completing this survey. Participating in this survey may help researchers around the world better understand the impact of COVID-19 during this challenging time. The All of Us Research Program will repeat this survey throughout the pandemic.

The questions in this survey may be sensitive and may cause worry or anxiety. Remember, your privacy is very important to us. Your name and identity will be separated from your answers before information is shared with approved researchers. 

No one will monitor your answers in real time. But, based on your answers, the system may suggest free phone and text resources to help you.
You can choose not to answer any question at any time. This survey will take approximately 20 to 30 minutes to complete.
Please answer each question as honestly as possible. We are looking for your own answers, and not what you think your doctors, family, or friends want you to say.

Don't feel like you must spend a long time on each question. The first answer that comes to you is usually the best one. If you aren't sure how to answer a question, choose the best answer from the options given. 

Some questions also let you say if you don't know an answer or would rather not answer. Some of the questions may be sensitive. You can choose not to answer any question.
In the past month, have recommendations for socially distancing caused stress for you?
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have stayed home all day (aside from time spent outdoors, but never closer than 6 feet from people who are not from my home).
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have gone to my workplace or volunteer site that is outside my home.
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings outside my home of MORE than 10 people.
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have attended social gatherings outside my home of LESS than 10 people.
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have gone on shopping trips or outings that were "just for fun".
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have visited nursing homes or long-term care facilities (outside of work duties).
Thinking about your current social habits, in the last 5 days:
I have been in close contact with someone who is in a risk group for COVID-19 (adults age 50+, people with chronic medical conditions like heart, lung, liver, or kidney disease, diabetes, high blood pressure, or a suppressed immune system). This includes someone inside or outside of your household.
Thinking about these activities in the last 5 days, my social interaction with people outside my home was
Now, thinking about the COVID-19 recommendations and mandates...How often in the past month are you doing the recommended pandemic hygiene, like washing hands frequently, avoiding touching your face, covering coughs, wearing a mask, and avoiding frequently touched surfaces in public places?

In the past month, have you been sick for more than one day with a new illness related to COVID-19 or flu-like symptoms?
Approximate date of onset
Which of the following symptoms did you have? (select all that apply)
Have you EVER been near someone that you know, or suspect, had COVID-19 (such as co-workers, family members, or others)? Select all that apply.
Do you think you have had COVID-19?
Were you tested for COVID-19 in the past month?
How many times were you tested?
Was the test for COVID-19 positive?
How were you tested? Select all that apply.
In the past month, if you were sick with COVID-19 symptoms, how did you receive treatment(s)? Please select all that apply.
What breathing treatment did you receive? Please select all that apply.
What other breathing treatment did you receive? Please specify
In the past 7 days, I thought about COVID-19 when I didn't mean to.
In the past 7 days, I felt watchful or on-guard.
In the past 7 days, other things kept making me think about COVID-19.
In the past 7 days, I was aware that I still had a lot of feelings about COVID-19, but I didn't deal with them.
In the past 7 days, I tried not to think about COVID-19.
In the past 7 days, I had trouble concentrating.
In the past month, how has the COVID-19 outbreak affected you? Please select all that apply.
In the past month, have you experienced the following as a result of COVID-19? Select all that apply.
In the past month, have the following behaviors increased in your household? Select all that apply.
In the past month, to cope with social distancing and isolation, are you doing any of the following? Select all that apply.
Do you personally know someone who has died of COVID-19?
Who do you know who has died? Check all that apply.
Please specify.
Choose the answer that best describes how you felt in the past month.
In uncertain times, I usually expect the best.
Choose the answer that best describes how you felt in the past month.
In general, how happy are you?
Choose the answer that best describes how you felt in the past month.
To what extent do you feel your life to be meaningful?
Not including yourself, how many other people live at home with you? 
Think of other people who live with you. How many are under the age of 18 years?
What type of household do you live in?
Please specify.
What is your current employment status? Select all that apply.
Are you covered by health insurance or some other kind of health care plan?
Are you currently covered by any of the following types of health insurance or health care plans? Select all that apply.
Other health insurance or health coverage plan. Please specify.
Are you currently on chemotherapy or immunotherapy?
Do you regularly take immunosuppressant medications (including steroids, methotrexate, biologic agents)?
What is your current marital status?
Are you currently pregnant?
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to help you if you were confined to bed
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to take you to the doctor if you needed it
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to prepare your meals if you were unable to do it yourself
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to help with daily chores if you were sick
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to have a good time with
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to turn to for suggestions about how to deal with a personal problem
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone who understands your problems
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to love and make you feel wanted
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to confide in or talk to about yourself or your problems
Choose the answer that best describes how often you can find this kind of support in the past month.
Someone to do things with to help you get your mind off things
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Not being able to stop or control worrying
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Worrying too much about different things
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Trouble relaxing
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Being so restless that it's hard to sit still
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Becoming easily annoyed or irritable
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by the following problem?
Feeling afraid as if something awful might happen
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Little interest or pleasure in doing things
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Feeling tired or having little energy
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Poor appetite or overeating
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Feeling bad about yourself or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family down
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed? Or the opposite - being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual
In the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by:
Thoughts that you would be better off dead or of hurting yourself in some way
If this is how you feel, think about getting help. There are people who can help 24/7.

Text the Crisis Text Line at 741741 orCall the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255.

In the last month, how often have you been upset because of something that happened unexpectedly?
In the last month, how often have you felt that you were unable to control the important things in your life?
In the last month, how often have you felt nervous and "stressed"?
In the last month, how often have you felt confident about your ability to handle your personal problems?
In the last month, how often have you felt that things were going your way?
In the last month, how often have you found that you could not cope with all the things that you had to do?
In the last month, how often have you been able to control irritations in your life?
In the last month, how often have you felt that you were on top of things?
In the last month, how often have you been angered because of things that were outside of your control?
In the last month, how often have you felt difficulties were piling up so high that you could not overcome them?
Think about all the vigorous activities that you did in the last 7 days. Vigorous physical activities refer to activities that take hard physical effort and make you breathe much harder than normal. Think only about those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.

During the last 7 days, did you do vigorous physical activities like heavy lifting, digging, aerobics, or fast bicycling?
How many days per week?
Minutes per day (Please enter a number)

Note:  Half an hour=30 minutes, 1 hour=60 minutes, 1 and a half hours=90 minutes

Think about all the moderate activities that you did in the last 7 days. Moderate activities refer to activities that take moderate physical effort and make you breathe somewhat harder than normal. Think only about those physical activities that you did for at least 10 minutes at a time.

During the last 7 days, did you do moderate physical activity like carrying light loads, bicycling at a regular pace, or doubles tennis?
How many days per week?
Minutes per day (Please enter a number)

Note:  Half an hour=30 minutes, 1 hour=60 minutes, 1 and a half hours=90 minutes
Think about the time you spent walking in the last 7 days. This includes at work and at home, walking to travel from place to place, and any other walking that you have done solely for recreation, sport, exercise, or leisure.

During the last 7 days, did you walk for at least 10 minutes at a time?
How many days per week?
Minutes per day (Please enter a number)

Note:  Half an hour=30 minutes, 1 hour=60 minutes, 1 and a half hours=90 minutes
The last question is about the time you spent sitting on weekdays during the last 7 days. Include time spent at work, at home, while doing course work and during leisure time. This may include time spent sitting at a desk, visiting friends, reading, or sitting or lying down to watch television.

During the last 7 days, how much time did you spend sitting on a weekday?

Please select below to enter the amount of time in minutes OR hours.
Hours per day (Please enter a number between 0-24)
Minutes per day (Please enter a number between 0-1440)
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I lack companionship
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
There is no one I can turn to
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I am an outgoing person
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I feel left out
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I feel isolated from others
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I can find companionship when I want it
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
I am unhappy being so withdrawn
Choose the answer that is true for you in the past month.
People are around me but not with me
In the past month:
Did you smoke tobacco/nicotine (including cigarettes, cigar, cigarillos, pipes, hookah) every day, some days, or not at all?
How long has it been since you last smoked?
Enter the number of weeks
Enter the number of months
Enter the number of years
In the past month:
Did someone in your home smoke tobacco/nicotine (including cigarettes, cigar, cigarillos, pipes, hookah) every day, some days, or not at all?
In the past month:
Did you use any type of electronic nicotine product? This includes e- cigarettes, vape pens, hookah pens, personal vaporizers and mods, e-cigars, e-pipes, and e-hookahs.
How long has it been since you last used an electronic nicotine product?
Enter the number of weeks
Enter the number of months
Enter the number of years
In the past month:
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
In the past month:
How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day?
In the past month:
How often do you have six or more drinks containing alcohol on one occasion?
In the past month, have you used any of the following drugs? Select all that apply. 
How often did you use cannabis?
Did your use include smoking cannabis?
Do you think you have used more or less cannabis in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use synthetic marijuana or fake weed?
Did your use include smoking synthetic marijuana or fake weed?
Do you think you have used more or less synthetic marijuana or fake weed in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use cocaine?
Did your use include smoking cocaine?
Do you think you have used more or less cocaine in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use prescription stimulants?
Did you use prescription stimulants in any way a doctor did not direct you to use it?
Do you think you have used more or less prescription stimulants in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use methamphetamine?
Did your use include smoking methamphetamine?
Do you think you have used more or less methamphetamine in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use synthetic stimulants?
Did your use include smoking synthetic stimulants?
Do you think you have used more or less synthetic stimulants in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use inhalants?
Do you think you have used more or less inhalants in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use prescription sedatives or prescription sleeping pills?
Did you use prescription sedatives or prescription sleeping pills in any way a doctor did not direct you to use it?
Do you think you have used more or less prescription sedatives or prescription sleeping pills in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use hallucinogens?
Did your use include smoking hallucinogens?
Do you think you have used more or less hallucinogens in the past month than you used to?
How often did you use heroin?
Did your use include smoking heroin?
Do you think you have used more or less heroin in the past month than you used to?
Did you use prescription opioids in any way a doctor did not direct you to use it?
How often did you use prescription opioids?
Did your use include smoking prescription opioids?
Do you think you have used more or less prescription opioids in the past month than you used to?
Other substance - please specify
How often did you use the other substance?
Did your use include smoking the other substance?
Do you think you have used more or less of the other substance in the past month than you used to?
Please select the response that best reflects your behavior in the past month.
I look for creative ways to alter difficult situations.
Please select the response that best reflects your behavior in the past month.
Regardless of what happens to me, I believe I can control my reaction to it.
Please select the response that best reflects your behavior in the past month.
I believe I can grow in positive ways by dealing with difficult situations.
Please select the response that best reflects your behavior in the past month.
I actively look for ways to replace the losses I encounter in life.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You are treated with less courtesy than other people are.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You are treated with less respect than other people are.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You receive poorer service than other people at restaurants or stores.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
People act as if they think you are not smart.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
People act as if they are afraid of you.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
People act as if they think you are dishonest.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
People act as if they're better than you are.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You are called names or insulted.
In your day-to-day life, how often did this happen to you during the past month?
You are threatened or harassed.
What do you think is the main reason(s) for these experiences? Select all that apply.
Other reason - please specify.
To learn more about COVID-19:

For more information on mental health topics and research:

If you or someone you care about needs help:
National Institute of Mental Health Getting Help page:

Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration Treatment Locator:

Crisis Text Line by texting HOME to
Thank You! Your responses are making a difference in health research.

Every day we learn more about COVID-19 and its impact. Your answers help researchers understand how people cope during a crisis like this.

Your privacy is very important to us. Your name and identity will be separated from your answers before information is shared with approved researchers.

Did you know? Writing down personal feelings about difficult experiences is good for your overall wellbeing.

Journaling is a great way to express feelings to cope with challenging times in your life. Writing about emotions can be good for your overall well-being.

Click the link for more information about the benefits of journaling:

Choose the circle on the scale  which best describes the degree of happiness, everything considered, of your present marriage. The middle point, "happy," represents the degree of happiness which most people get from marriage, and the scale gradually ranges on one side to those few who are very unhappy in marriage, and on the other, to those few who experience extreme joy or felicity in marriage.
Handling family finances
Matters of recreation
Demonstrations of affection
Friends
Sex relations
Conventionality (right, good, or proper conduct)
Philosophy of life
Ways of dealing with in-laws
When disagreements arise, they usually result in:
Do you and your mate engage in outside interests together?
In leisure time, do you generally prefer:
Does your mate generally prefer:
Do you ever wish you had not married?
If you had your life to live over again, do you think you would:
Do you ever confide in your mate?
*These scales should NOT be used alone to make any diagnosis.   NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-TEACHER Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-TEACHER Informant
Today's Date
Child's Name
Date of Birth
Parent's Name
Parent's Phone Number
Is this evaluation based on a time when the child
1. Does not pay attention to details or makes careless mistakes with, for example, homework
2. Has difficulty keeping attention to what needs to be done
3. Does not seem to listen when spoken to directly
4. Does not follow through when given directions and fails to finish activities (not due to refusal or failure to understand)
5. Has difficulty organizing tasks and activities
6. Avoids, dislikes, or does not want to start tasks that require ongoing mental effort
7. Loses things necessary for tasks or activities (toys, assignments, pencils, or books)
8. Is easily distracted by noises or other stimuli
9. Is forgetful in daily activities
10. Fidgets with hands or feet or squirms in seat
11. Leaves seat when remaining seated is expected
12. Runs about or climbs too much when remaining seated is expected
13. Has difficulty playing or beginning quiet play activities
14. Is "on the go" or often acts as if "driven by a motor"
15. Talks too much
16. Blurts out answers before questions have been completed
17. Has difficulty waiting his or her turn
18. Interrupts or intrudes in on others' conversations and/or activities
19. Argues with adults
20. Loses temper
21. Actively defies or refuses to go along with adults' requests or rules
22. Deliberately annoys people
23. Blames others for his or her mistakes or misbehaviors
24. Is touchy or easily annoyed by others
25. Is angry or resentful
26. Is spiteful and wants to get even
27. Bullies, threatens, or intimidates others
28. Starts physical fights
29. Lies to get out of trouble or to avoid obligations (ie,"cons" others)
30. Is truant from school (skips school) without permission
31. Is physically cruel to people
32. Has stolen things that have value
33. Deliberately destroys others' property
34. Has used a weapon that can cause serious harm (bat, knife, brick, gun)
35. Is physically cruel to animals
36. Has deliberately set fires to cause damage
37. Has broken into someone else's home, business, or car
38. Has stayed out at night without permission
39. Has run away from home overnight
40. Has forced someone into sexual activity
41. Is fearful, anxious, or worried
42. Is afraid to try new things for fear of making mistakes
43. Feels worthless or inferior
44. Blames self for problems, feels guilty
45. Feels lonely, unwanted, or unloved; complains that "no one loves him or her"
46. Is sad, unhappy, or depressed
47. Is self-conscious or easily embarrassed
48. Overall school performance
49. Reading
50. Writing
51. Mathematics
52. Relationship with parents
53. Relationship with siblings
54. Relationship with peers
55. Participation in organized activities (eg, teams)
Explain/Comments:
Scoring Instructions for the NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scales
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 1-9:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 10-18:
Total Symptom Score for questions 1-18:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 19-26:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 27-40:
Total number of questions scored 2 or 3 in questions 41-47:
Total number of questions scored 4 or 5 in questions 48-55:
Average Performance Score:
Lively
Happy
Sad
Tired
Caring
Content
Gloomy
Jittery
Drowsy
Grouchy
Peppy
Nervous
Calm
Loving
Fed Up
Active
Please Note: The "Overall, my mood is" section is usually omitted, although some people use it and fold it into the overall score.
Gender
Mark each box that applies
Alcohol
Illegal drugs
Prescription drugs
Alcohol
Illegal drugs
Prescription drugs
3. Age (mark box if 16-45)
4. History of preadolecent sexual abuse
Attention-deficit disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, bipolar, schizophrenia
Depression
Family history Alcohol Score
Family history Illegal Drugs Score
Family history Prescription Drug Score
Personal history Alcohol Score
Personal history Illegal Drugs Score
Personal history Prescription Drug Score
Age Score
Sexual Abuse Score
Psychological Disease Score
Depression Score
Total
Total Score risk category Low Risk: 0-3 Moderate risk: 4-7 High Risk >= 8
1. Do you usually experience pressure in the lower abdomen?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
2. Do you usually experience heaviness or dullness in the lower abdomen?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
3. Do you usually have a bulge or something falling out that you can see or fell in the vaginal area?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
4. Do you ever have to push on the vagina or around the rectum to have a complete bowel movement?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
5. Do you usually experience a feeling of incomplete bladder emptying?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
6. Do you ever have to push up in the vaginal area with your fingers to start or complete urination?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
7. Do you feel you need to strain too hard to have a bowel movement?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
8. Do you feel you have not completely emptied your bowels at the end of a bowel movement?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
9. Do you usually lose stool beyond your control if your stool is well formed?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
10. Do you usually lose stool beyond your control if your stool is loose or liquid?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
11. Do you usually lose gas from the rectum beyond your control?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
12. Do you usually have pain when you pass your stool?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
13. Do you experience a strong sense of urgency and have to rush to the bathroom to have a bowel movement?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
14. Does part of your stool ever pass through the rectum and bulge outside during or after a bowel movement?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
15. Do you usually experience frequent urination?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
16. Do you usually experience ruine leakage associated with a feeling of urgency, that is, a strong sensation of needing to go to the bathroom?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
17. Do you usually experience urine leakage related to laughing, coughing, or sneezing?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
18. Do you usually experience small amounts of urine leakage (that is, drops)?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
19. Do you usually experience difficulty emptying your bladder?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
20. Do you usually experience pain of discomfort in the lower abdomen or genital region?
If Yes, how much does it bother you?
Scale score POPDI
Scale score CRADI-8
Scale score UDI-6
PFDI-20 Summary Score
Race (Choose all that apply)
CDC Race Code
Ethnicity
CDC Ethnicity Code
Gender
Date of Birth
Country of Residence
ZIP Code 
Payment Method
Date Completed
Census Tract Code at Enrollment
Highest Education Level
Educational Attainment
Marital Status
Country of Birth
If other country, specify here
If USA, specify the state
Off Intervention Date
Off Treatment Reason
Off Treatment Other, Specify
Pediatric Outcomes Questionnaire
Clinic ID
First six letters of patient's last name
Physician ID
Office Chart #
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Pediatric Outcomes Questionnaire
Today's Date
Your Child's Birth Date
Your Child's Social Security Number
Your Social Security Number
1. Lift heavy books?
2. Pour a half gallon of milk?
3. Open a jar that has been opened before?
4. Use a fork and spoon?
5. Comb his/her hair?
6. Button buttons?
7. Put on his/her coat?
8. Write with a pencil?
9. On average, over the last 12 months, how often did your child miss school (preschool, day care, camp, etc.) because of his/her health?
10. How he/she looks?
11. His/her body?
12. What clothes or shoes he/she can wear?
13. His/her ability to do the same things his/her friends do?
14. His/her health in general?
15. Did your child feel sick and tired?
16. Was your child full of pep and energy?
17. Did pain or discomfort interfere with your child's activities?
18. Run short distances?
19. Bicycle or tricycle?
20. Climb three flights of stairs?
21. Climb one flight of stairs?
22. Walk more than a mile?
23. Walk three blocks?
24. Walk one block?
25. Get on and off a bus?
26. How often does your child need help from another person for walking and climbing? (Select one response.)
27. How often does your child use assistive devices (such as braces, crutches, or wheelchair) for walking and climbing? (Select one response.)
28. Stand while washing his/her hands and face at a sink?
29. Sit in a regular chair without holding on?
30. Get on and off a toilet or chair?
31. Get in and out of bed?
32. Turn door knobs?
33. Bend over from a standing position and pick up something off the floor?
34. How often does your child need help from another person for sitting and standing? (Select one response.)
35. How often does your child use assistive devices (such as braces, crutches, or wheelchair) for sitting and standing? (Select one response.)
36. Can your child participate in recreational outdoor activities with other children the same age? (For example: bicycling, tricycling, skating, hiking, jogging) (Select one response.)
If you answered "no" to Question 36 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Circle yes to all that apply) 
44. Can your child participate in pickup games or sports with other children the same age? (For example: tag, dodge ball, basketball, soccer, catch, jump rope, touch football, hop scotch) (Select one response.)
If you answered "no" to Question 44 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Circle yes to all that apply) 
52. Can your child participate in competitive level sports with other children the same age? (For example: hockey, basketball, soccer, football, baseball, swimming, running [track or cross country], gymnastics, or dance) (Select one response.)
If you answered no to Question 52 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Circle yes to all that apply) 
60. How often in the last week  did your child get together and do things with friends? (Select one response.)
If you answered "sometimes" or "never or rarely" to Question 60 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
66. How often in the last week did your child participate in gym/recess? (Select one response.)
If your child answered "sometimes" or "never or rarely" to Question 66 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
74. Is it easy or hard for your child to make friends with children his/her own age? (Select one response.)
75. How much pain has your child had during the last week? (Select one response.)
76. During the last week, how much did pain interfere with your child's normal activities (including at home, outside of the home, and at school)? (Select one response.)
77. To have pain relief.
78. To look better.
79. To feel better about himself/herself.
80. To sleep more comfortably.
81. To be able to do activities at home.
82. To be able to do more at school.
83. To be able to do more play or recreational activities (biking, walking, doing things with friends).
84. To be able to do more sports.
85. To be free from pain or disability as an adult.
86. If your child had to spend the rest of his/her life with his/her bone and muscle condition as it is right now, how would you feel about it? (Select one response.)
87. Comments
Study Participant Identifier
Enrollment Date
Treatment Arm
Intergroup Participant Identifier
Site Registrar
Provider Name 
Child's Name
1:  Our records show that your child got care from , is that right?
The questions in this survey will refer to the provider named in Question 1 as 'this provider."  Please think of that person as you answer the survey
2.  Is this the provider you usually see if your child needs a check-up, has a health problem, or gets sick or hurt?
3.  How long has your child been going to this provider?
4.  In the last 12 months, how many times did your child visit this provider for care?
5. In the last 12 months, did you phone this provider's office to get an appointment for your child for an illness, injury or condition that needed care right away?
6. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this provider's office to get an appointment for  care your child needed right away, how often did you get an appointment as soon as your child needed?
7. In the last 12 months, did you make any appointments for a check-up or routine care for your child with this provider?
8. In the last 12 months, when you made an appointment for a check-up or routine care for your child with this provider, how often did you get an appointment as soon as your child needed?
9.  In the last 12 months, did you phone this provider's office with a medical question about your child during regular office hours?
10.  In the last 12 months, when you phoned this provider's office during regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question that same day?
11.  In the last 12 months, did you phone this provider's office with a medical question about your child after regular office hours?
12.  In the last 12 months, when you phoned this provider's office after regular business hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question as soon as you needed?
13.  Wait time includes time spent in the waiting room and exam room.  In the last 12 months, how often did your child see this provider within 15 minutes of his or her appointment time?
14.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about your child's learning ability?
15.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about the kinds of behaviors that are normal for your child at this age?
16.  In the last 12 months, did you or anyone in this provider's office talk about how your child's body is growing?
17.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about your child's moods and emotions?
18.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about things you can do to keep your child from getting injured?
19.  In the last 12 months, did anyone in this provider's office give you information about how to keep your child from getting injured?
20.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about how much time your child spends on a computer and in front of a TV?
21.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about how much or what kind of food your child eats?
22.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about how much or what kind of exercise your child gets?
23.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about how much your child gets along with others?
24.  In the last 12 months, did you and anyone in this provider's office talk about whether there are any problems in your household that might affect your child?
These questions ask about your child's most recent visit with this provider.
25.  How long has it been since your child's most recent visit with this provider?
26.  During your child's most recent visit to this provider, did you stay in the exam room with your child?
27.  Did this provider give you enough information about what was discussed during the visit when you were not there?
28.  Is your child able to talk with providers about his or her health care?
29. During your child's most recent visit, did this provider explain things in a way that was easy for your child to understand?
30.  During your child's most recent visit, did this provider listen carefully to your child ?
31. Did this provider tell you that you needed to do anything to follow up on the care your child got during the visit?
32. Did this provider give you enough information about what you needed to do to follow up on your child's care?
33. Wait time includes time spent in the waiting room and exam room.  During your child's most recent visit, did your child see this provider within 15 minutes of his or her appointment time?
34.  During your child's most recent visit, did this provider explain things about your child's health in a way that was easy to understand?
35.  During your child's most recent visit, did this provider listen carefully to you?
36.  During your child's most recent visit, did you talk with this provider about any questions or concerns you had about your child's health?
37.  During your child's most recent visit, did this provider give you easy to understand information about these health questions or concerns?
38. During your child's most recent visit, did this provider seem to know the important information about your child's medical history?
39. During your child's most recent visit, did this provider show respect for what you had to say?
40. During your child's most recent visit, did this provider spend enough time with your child?
41. During your child's most recent visit, did this provider order a blood test, x-ray, or other test for your child?
42. Did someone from this provider's office follow up to give you those results?
43. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst provider possible and 10 is the best provider possible, what number would you use to rate this provider?
44. Would you recommend this provider's office to your family and friends?
45. During your child's most recent visit, were clerks and receptionists at this provider's office as helpful as you thought they should be?
46. During your child's most recent visit, did clerks and receptionists at this provider's office treat you with courtesy and respect?
47. In general, how would you rate your child's overall health?
48. In general, how would you rate your child's overall mental or emotional health?
49. What is your child's age?
Please enter your child's age here (in years)
50. Is your child male or female?
51. Is your child of Hispanic or Latino origin or descent?
52. What is your child's race? (Mark one or more)
53. What is your age?
54. Are you male or female?
55. What is the highest grade or level of school that you have completed?
56. How are you related to the child?
Please print other relationship here
57. Did someone help you complete this survey?
58. How did that person help you?  Mark one or more
Please describe how the person helped in some other way.
Thank you. Please submit your survey now.  
1, How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
How often do you have five or more drinks on one occasion?
Total for Question 1.
Total for Question 2
Total for Question 3
Total Score
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Stage
FIGO Stage
Staging Time Point
Scoring instructions attached.  Note:  Items 5, 13, 28, 33 are reverse scored, and it is reflected in the coding.
PATIENT REPORTED IMPACT OF SPASTICITY MEASURE  The following questions are about your experience of abnormal muscle control or involuntary muscle movement. Different people have different terms they use for abnormal muscle control and involuntary muscle movement. Some of these terms are: ·Spasticity ·Muscle stiffness (tone ·Spasms ·Clonus (bouncing) ·When muscles don't cooperate together like they're supposed to ·When trying to move one part of the body causes another part to move also By circling or marking one of the numbers in the boxes on the right, please indicate how well each of the following statements applies to your experience during the PAST WEEK.
1. Made me anxious about going out in public.
2. Bothered me a lot.
3. Made grooming (hair, teeth) difficult for me or my attendant.
4. Made me need someone to reposition me.
5. Helped me keep my muscles exercised.
6. Made me need more treatment than I could afford.
7. Kept me from going out among strangers.
8. Caused me to feel hopeless.
9. Made me feel out of control of my body.
10. Made dressing difficult for me or my attendant.
11. Kept me from being as happy as I could be.
12. Caused me to depend on others.
13. Helped me stretch my muscles.
14. Caused me to increased the amount of prescription medication I took.
15. Kept me from wanting to go out in public.
16. Made me feel frustrated.
17. Made personal hygiene (e.g. toileting, cleaning) difficult for me or my attendant.
18. Made me want to find alternative, non-medical therapies.
19. Made me anxious about going out with friends.
20. Caused me to need safety devices (bed rails, foot loop).
21. Made eating or feeding difficult for me or my attendant.
22. Interfered with romantic relationship.
23. Made me feel powerless.
24. Caused me embarrassment.
25. Made me want encouragement or emotional support from friends and family.
26. Interfered with sexual activity.
27. Caused strangers to notice me.
28. Helped with transfers (e.g. from chair to bed).
29. Caused me to avoid physical contact with other people.
30. Caused me to use over-the-counter medications.
31. Caused others to avoid touching me.
32. Put me in a bad mood.
33. Helped me or my attendant change my position.
34. Made me feel depressed.
35. Interfered with my ability to exercise.
36. Drastically changed the position of my body
37. Made me fearful that I would cause myself physical injury.
38. Made transfers hard for me or my attendant.
39. Caused strangers to stare at me.
40. Kept me from going out with friends.
41. Made it hard to keep my arms or legs inside my chair.
Please choose the time frame for this analysis: 
PANAS-X  This scale consists of a number of words and phrases that describe different feelings and emotions. Read each item and then mark the appropriate answer in the space next to that word.   Indicate to what extent you have felt this way [panasx_sc_timeframe].  Use the following scale to record your answers:
Cheerful
Sad
Active
Angry at self
Disgusted
Calm
Guilty
Enthusiastic
Attentive
Afraid
Joyful
Downhearted
Bashful
Tired
Nervous
Sheepish
Sluggish
Amazed
Lonely
Distressed
Daring
Shaky
Sleepy
Blameworthy
Surprised
Happy
Excited
Determined
Strong
Timid
Hostile
Frightened
Scornful
Alone
Proud
Astonished
Relaxed
Alert
Jittery
Interested
Irritable
Upset
Lively
Loathing
Delighted
Angry
Ashamed
Confident
Inspired
Bold
At ease
Energetic
Fearless
Blue
Scared
Concentrating
Disgusted with self
Shy
Drowsy
Dissatisfied with self
General Negative Affect Score
Fear Score
Sadness Score
Guilt Score
Hostility Score
Shyness Score
Fatigue Score
General Positive Affect Score
Joviality Score
Self-Assurance Score
Attentiveness Score
Serenity Score
Surprise Score
Instructions: First please select the number (0-10) on the scale to the right of the image that best describes how much distress you have been experiencing in the past week including today.
Second, please indicate if any of the following has been a problem for you in the past week including today. Be sure to check YES or NO for each.
Child care
Housing
Insurance/financial
Transportation
Work/school
Treatment decisions
Dealing with children
Dealing with partner
Ability to have children
Family health issues
Depression
Fears
Nervousness
Sadness
Worry
Loss of interest in usual activities
Appearance
Bathing/dressing
Breathing
Changes in urination
Constipation
Diarrhea
Eating
Fatigue
Feeling Swollen
Fevers
Getting around
Indigestion
Memory/concentration
Mouth sores
Nausea
Nose dry/congested
Pain
Sexual
Skin dry/itchy
Sleep
Substance abuse
Tingling in hands/feet
For the most updated version of the NCCN Guidelines® for Distress Management please see www.nccn.org.
NOTE TO USER: THREE ITEMS ARE REVERSE CODED.
I feel burned out with diabetes.
I feel angry or frustrated about diabetes.
I feel stressed, anxious, or overwhelmed about diabetes.
I feel like I am not motivated to do things for my diabetes.
I am too busy outside of school to take care of diabetes.
I do not like to take the time to stop what I am doing to take care of diabetes.
I forget to carry diabetes supplies.
I get hungry and do not take care of diabetes.
I get distracted and forget to take care of diabetes.
I feel like I do not have anyone to talk to about diabetes problems.
I feel all alone in dealing with my diabetes.
When it comes to my diabetes, I have people in my life who understand what I go through.
My parents usually want to hear my opinions about diabetes.
My parents do not try to include me in diabetes decisions.
My parents try to support me in how I take care of my diabetes.
Parties and social gatherings get in the way of taking care of diabetes.
Restaurants are challenging for taking care of diabetes.
I need to find a private place to take care of diabetes.
I try not to deal with diabetes in front of friends.
I have a hard time telling people that I have diabetes.
I feel embarrassed taking care of diabetes in front of other people.
Score: 
Name:
Date:
1. Do you usually experience pressure in the lower abdomen?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
2. Do you usually experience heaviness or dullness in the pelvic area?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
3. Do you usually have a bulge or something falling out that you can see or feel in the vaginal area?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
4. Do you usually have to push on the vagina or around the rectum to have or complete a bowel movement?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
5. Do you usually experience a feeling of incomplete bladder emptying?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
6. Do you ever have to push up on a bulge in the vaginal area with your fingers to start or complete urination?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
7. Do you feel you need to strain too hard to have a bowel movement? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
8. Do you feel you have not completely emptied your bowels at the end of a bowel movement? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
9. Do you usually lose stool beyond your control if your stool is well formed?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
10. Do you usually lose stool beyond your control if your stool is loose or liquid?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
11. Do you usually lose gas from the rectum beyond your control?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
12. Do you usually have pain when you pass your stool?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
13. Do you  experience a strong sense of urgency and have to rush to the bathroom to have a bowel movement? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
14. Does a part of your bowel ever pass through the rectum and bulge outside during or after a bowel movement?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
15. Do you usually experience frequent urination? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
16. Do you usually experience urine leakage associated with a feeling of urgency, that is a strong sensation of needing to go to the bathroom? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
17. Do you usually experience urine leakage related to coughing,sneezing, or laughing? 
If yes, how much does this bother you?
18. Do you usually experience small amounts of urine leakage (that is, drops)?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
19. Do you usually experience difficulty emptying your bladder?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
20. Do you usually experience pain or discomfort in the lower abdomen or genital region?
If yes, how much does this bother you?
Protocol Deviation Notification Date
Protocol Deviation Occurrence Date
Protocol Deviation Description
Protocol Deviation Severity Type
Protocol Deviation Other Category Descriptive Text
Treating Physician Or Participating Investigator Name
Protocol Deviation Category
Protocol Deviation Action Text
During the past 4 weeks, how much have you been bothered by any of the following problems?
a. Stomach pain
b. Back pain
c. Pain in your arms, legs, or joints (knees, hips, etc.)
d. Menstrual cramps or other problems with your periods (WOMEN ONLY)
e. Headaches
f. Chest pain
g. Dizziness
h. Fainting spells
i. Feeling your heart pound or race
j. Shortness of breath
k. Pain or problems during sexual intercourse
l. Constipation, loose bowels, or diarrhea
m. Nausea, gas, or indigestion
n. Feeling tired or having low energy
o. Trouble sleeping
Score
1.  There are several people that I trust to help solve my problems.
2.  If I needed help fixing an appliance or repairing my car, there is someone who would
help me.
3.  Most of my friends are more interesting than I am.
4.  There is someone who takes pride in my accomplishments.
5.  When I feel lonely, there are several people I can talk to.
6.  There is no one that I feel comfortable to talking about intimate personal problems.
7.  I often meet or talk with family or friends.
8.  Most people I know think highly of me.
9.  If I needed a ride to the airport very early in the morning, I would have a hard time finding someone to take me.
10.  I feel like I'm not always included by my circle of friends.
11.  There really is no one who can give me an objective view of how I'm handling my problems.
12.  There are several different people I enjoy spending time with.
13.  I think that my friends feel that I'm not very good at helping them solve their problems.
14.  If I were sick and needed someone (friend, family member, or acquaintance) to take me to the doctor, I would have trouble finding someone.
15.  If I wanted to go on a trip for a day (e.g., to the mountains, beach, or country), I would have a hard time finding someone to go with me.
16.  If I needed a place to stay for a week because of an emergency (for example, water or electricity out in my apartment or house), I could easily find someone who would put me up.
17.  I feel that there is no one I can share my most private worries and fears with.
18.  If I were sick, I could easily find someone to help me with my daily chores.
19.  There is someone I can turn to for advice about handling problems with my family.
20.  I am as good at doing things as most other people are.
21.  If I decide one afternoon that I would like to go to a movie that evening, I could easily find someone to go with me.
22.  When I need suggestions on how to deal with a personal problem, I know someone I can turn to.
23.  If I needed an emergency loan of $100, there is someone (friend, relative, or acquaintance) I could get it from.
24.  In general, people do not have much confidence in me.
25.  Most people I know do not enjoy the same things that I do.
26.  There is someone I could turn to for advice about making career plans or changing my job.
27.  I don't often get invited to do things with others.
28.  Most of my friends are more successful at making changes in their lives than I am.
29.  If I had to go out of town for a few weeks, it would be difficult to find someone who would look after my house or apartment (the plants, pets, garden, etc.).
30.  There really is no one I can trust to give me good financial advice.
31.  If I wanted to have lunch with someone, I could easily find someone to join me.
32.  I am more satisfied with my life than most people are with theirs.
33.  If I was stranded 10 miles from home, there is someone I could call who would come and get me.
34.  No one I know would throw a birthday party for me.
35.  It would be difficult to find someone who would lend me their car for a few hours.
36.  If a family crisis arose, it would be difficult to find someone who could give me good advice about how to handle it.
37.  I am closer to my friends than most other people are to theirs.
38.  There is at least one person I know whose advice I really trust.
39.  If I needed some help in moving to a new house or apartment, I would have a hard time finding someone to help me.
40.  I have a hard time keeping pace with my friends.
Your Age
Gender
Race (Select all that apply)
Ethnicity
Education level
Your Zip Code
Employment Status
Current Occupation
What is your approximate household net worth?


Marital Status
Do you live alone?
How many people are in your household?
Name 1
Name 2
Name 3
Name 4
Name 5
More names, separated by commas (if needed):
Name 1
Name 2
Name 3
Name 4
Name 5
More names, separated by commas (if needed):
Name 1
Name 2
Name 3
Name 4
Name 5
More names, separated by commas (if needed):

Number Filled in First 10 Slots
Total number of social contacts
You've just finished the hardest part of the survey, and you're 25% done. Keep going! 
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name2]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name3]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name4]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name5]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name6]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name7]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name8]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name9]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name1] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name3]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name4]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name5]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name6]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name7]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name8]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name9]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name2] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name4]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name5]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name6]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name7]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name8]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name9]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name3] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name5]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name6]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name7]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name8]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name9]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name4] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name6]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name7]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name8]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name9]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name5] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name7]?
Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name8]?
Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name9]?
Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name6] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name7] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name8]?
Is [name7] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name9]?
Is [name7] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name7] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name7] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name7] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name7] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name7] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name8] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name9]?
Is [name8] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name8] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name8] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name8] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name8] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name8] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name9] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name10]?
Is [name9] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name9] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name9] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name9] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name9] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name10] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name11]?
Is [name10] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name10] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name10] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name10] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name11] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name12]?
Is [name11] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name11] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name11] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name12] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name13]?
Is [name12] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name12] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name13] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name14]?
Is [name13] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?

Is [name14] a total stranger, especially close, or in-between with [name15]?
You've completed 50% of the survey - great job! 
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
You're almost done with the survey - only a few more questions! 
Have you cut back on heavy drinking of alcohol in the past 3 months?
Have you cut back on smoking in the past 3 months?
Have you exercised at least 3-4 times a week over the past 3 months?
Did you eat a healthy diet regularly over the past 3 months?
In which areas do you feel you experience more health problems than the average person? (Select all that apply)
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
[name1]
[name2]
[name3]
[name4]
[name5]
[name6]
[name7]
[name8]
[name9]
[name10]
[name11]
[name12]
[name13]
[name14]
[name15]
Did you encounter any technical difficulties during this survey?
1) Did you ever go on combat patrols or have other dangerous duty?
2) Were you ever under enemy fire?
3) Were you ever surrounded by the enemy?
4) What percentage of the soldiers in your unit were killed (KIA), wounded or missing in action (MIA)?
5) How often did you fire rounds at the enemy?
6) How often did you see someone hit by incoming or outgoing rounds?
7) How often were you in danger of being injured or killed (i.e., being pinned down, overrun, ambushed, near miss, etc.)?
1) SUBTRACT 1 FROM THE RAW SCORE AND MULTIPLY BY 2  (e.g., a raw score of 4 becomes a converted score of 6). 
2) SUBTRACT 1 FROM THE RAW SCORE  (e.g., a raw score of 4 becomes a converted score of 3). 
3) IF THE RAW SCORE IS BETWEEN 1 AND 4:  SUBTRACT 1 FROM THE RAW SCORE AND MULTIPLY BY 2 (e.g., a raw score of 4 becomes a converted score of 6).

 IF THE RAW SCORE IS 5: SUBTRACT 2 FROM THE RAW SCORE AND MULTIPLY BY 2 (e.g., a raw score of 5 becomes a converted score of 6).
 
4) IF THE RAW SCORE IS BETWEEN 1 AND 4:  SUBTRACT 1 FROM THE RAW SCORE (e.g., a raw score of 4 becomes a converted score of 3).

 IF THE RAW SCORE IS 5: SUBTRACT 2 FROM THE RAW SCORE (e.g., a raw score of 5 becomes a converted score of 3).
5) SUBTRACT 1 FROM THE RAW SCORE  (e.g., a raw score of 4 becomes a converted score of 3). 
6) SUBTRACT 1 FROM THE RAW SCORE AND MULTIPLY BY 2  (e.g., a raw score of 4 becomes a converted score of 6). 
7) SUBTRACT 1 FROM THE RAW SCORE AND MULTIPLY BY 2  (e.g., a raw score of 4 becomes a converted score of 6).
ADD ALL CONVERTED SCORES TO OBTAIN A TOTAL SCORE:
The total exposure to combat score can be categorized according to the following scale: 
1 = 0-8 light
2 = 9-16 light - moderate 
3 = 17-24 moderate 
4 = 25-32 moderate - heavy 
5 = 33-41 heavy

Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
FIGO Stage
Staging Time Point
Has participant withdrawn consent from Quality of Life portion of the study?
Date study participant withdrew consent
Reason for withdrawal from Quality of Life portion of study
Reason for withdrawal from Quality of Life portion of study, Other
Date Witness confirmed study participant withdrew consent
Investigator Attestation
Investigator date signature
1. I have been less alert.
2. I have had difficulty paying attention for long periods of time.
3. I have been unable to think clearly.
4. I have been clumsy and uncoordinated.
5. I have been forgetful.
6. I have had to pace myself in my physical activities.
7. I have been less motivated to do anything that requires physical effort.
8. I have been less motivated to participate in social activities.
9. I have been limited in my ability to do things away from home.
10. I have trouble maintaining physical effort for long periods.
11. I have had difficulty making decisions.
12. I have been less motivated to do anything that requires thinking
13. My muscles have felt weak
14. I have been physically uncomfortable.
15. I have had trouble finishing tasks that require thinking.
16. I have had difficulty organizing my thoughts when doing things at home or at work.
17. I have been less able to complete tasks that require physical effort.
18. My thinking has been slowed down.
19. I have had trouble concentrating.
20. I have limited my physical activities.
21. I have needed to rest more often or for longer periods.
1. There is a special person who is around when I am in need
2. There is a special person with whom I can share joys and sorrows
3. My family really tries to help me
4. I get the emotional help & support I need from my family
5. I have a special person who is a real source of comfort to me
6. My friends really try to help me
7. I can count on my friends when things go wrong
8. I can talk about my problems with my family
9. I have friends with whom I can share my joys and sorrows
10. There is a special person in my life who cares about my feelings
11. My family is willing to help me make decisions
12. I can talk about my problems with my friends
Significant Other Subscale:
Family Subscale:
Friends Subscale:
Total Scale:
Patient
Observ. Environ.
Rater/Disc.
Period of Observation: Start
Period of Observation: End
1. Short attention span, easy distractibility, inability to concentrate.
2. Impulsive, impatient, low tolerance for pain or frustration.
3. Uncooperative, resistant to care, demanding.
4. Violent and/or threatening violence toward people or property.
5. Explosive and/or unpredictable anger.
6. Rocking, rubbing, moaning or other self-stimulating behavior.
7. Pulling at tubes, restraints, etc.
8. Wandering from treatment areas.
9. Restlessness, pacing, excessive movement.
10. Repetitive behaviors, motor and/or verbal.
11. Rapid, loud or excessive talking.
12. Sudden changes of mood
13. Easily initiated or excessive crying and/or laughter.
14. Self-abusiveness, physical and/or verbal.
Total Score
Q1 How much energy do you have to do the things you want to do?    I am
Q2 How often do you feel socially excluded or left out? 
Q3 How easy or difficult is it for you to get around by yourself outside your place of residence (eg. to go shopping, visiting)? 
Q4 Does your health affect your role in your community (eg. residential, sporting, church or cultural activities)? 
Q5 How often do you feel sad? 
Q6 How often do you experience serious pain?  
 I experience it 
Q7 How much confidence do you have in yourself? 
Q8 Do you normally feel calm and tranquil or agitated?   
I am
Q9 Does your health affect your relationship with your family? 
Q10 How satisfying are your close relationships (family and friends)?
Q11 How well do you communicate with others (talking, signing, texting, being understood by others and understanding them)? 
Q12 How often do you have trouble sleeping? 
Q13 How often do you feel worthless?  
Q14 How often do you feel angry? 
Q15 How easy or difficult is it for you to move around (using any aids or equipment you need eg a wheelchair, frame or stick)? 
Q16 Do you ever feel like hurting yourself? 
Q17 How enthusiastic do you feel?
Q18 How often did you feel worried in the last seven days?   
Q19 How difficult is it for you to wash, toilet, dress yourself, eat or care for your appearance?   
Q20 How often do you feel happy?   
Q21  How much do you feel you can cope with life's problems?    
Q22    How much pain or discomfort do you experience: 
Q23 How much do you enjoy your close relationships (family and friends)? 
Q24 How often does pain interfere with your usual activities? 
Q25 How often do you feel pleasure? 
Q26 How much of a burden do you feel you are to other people? 
Q27 How content are you with your life? 
Q28 How well can you see (using your glasses or contact lenses if they are needed)?
Q29 How often do you feel in control of your life?
Q30      How much help do you need with jobs around your place of residence (eg preparing food, cleaning, gardening)? 
Q31 How often do you feel socially isolated? 
Q32 How well can you hear (using your hearing aid if needed)? 
Q33 How often do you feel depressed? 
Q34 How happy are you with your close and intimate relationships? 
Q35 How often did you feel in despair in the last seven days? 
OPTIMAL INSTRUMENT (1.1)   DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
1. Date of Birth
2. Sex
3. Race
4. Ethnicity
5. Insurance (Please check all that apply)
6. Education (Please check one)
7. Please check the combined annual income of everyone in your house:
8. Employment/Work (Check all that apply)
Occupation:
9. Do you use a: (Check all that apply)
Other:
10. With whom do you live? (Check all that apply)
Other:
11. Where do you live?
1. Lying flat
2. Rolling over
3. Moving - lying to sitting
4. Sitting
5. Squatting
6. Bending/stooping
7. Balancing
8. Kneeling
9. Standing
10. Walking - short distance
11. Walking - long distance
12. Walking - outdoors
13. Climbing stairs
14. Hopping
15. Jumping
16. Running
17. Pushing
18. Pulling
19. Reaching
20. Grasping
21. Lifting
22. Carrying
23. From the above list, choose the 3 activities you would most like to be able to do without any difficulty (for example, if you would most like to be able to climb stairs, kneel, and hop without any difficulty, you would choose: 1. 12 2. 8 3. 14).
1
2
3
24. From the above list of three activities, choose the primary activity you would most like to be able to do  without any difficulty (for example, if you would most like to be able to climb stairs without any difficulty, you would choose: Primary goal.13)  
Primary goal:
1. Lying flat
2. Rolling over
3. Moving - lying to sitting
4. Sitting
5. Squatting
6. Bending/stooping
7. Balancing
8. Kneeling
9. Standing
10. Walking - short distance
11. Walking - long distance
12. Walking - outdoors
13. Climbing stairs
14. Hopping
15. Jumping
16. Running
17. Pushing
18. Pulling
19. Reaching
20. Grasping
21. Lifting
22. Carrying
1. Lying flat
2. Rolling over
3. Moving - lying to sitting
4. Sitting
5. Squatting
6. Bending/stooping
7. Balancing
8. Kneeling
9. Standing
10. Walking - short distance
11. Walking - long distance
12. Walking - outdoors
13. Climbing stairs
14. Hopping
15. Jumping
16. Running
17. Pushing
18. Pulling
19. Reaching
20. Grasping
21. Lifting
22.Carrying
1. Lying flat
2. Rolling over
3. Moving - lying to sitting
4. Sitting
5. Squatting
6. Bending/stooping
7. Balancing
8. Kneeling
9. Standing
10. Walking - short distance
11. Walking - long distance
12. Walking - outdoors
13. Climbing stairs
14. Hopping
15. Jumping
16. Running
17. Pushing
18. Pulling
19. Reaching
20. Grasping
21. Lifting
22. Carrying
Difficulty - Baseline Score:
Difficulty - Follow-Up Score:
Change in Difficulty Score:
Confidence - Baseline Score:
Confidence - Follow-Up Score:
Change in Confidence Score:
1. Little interest or pleasure in doing things
2. Feeling down, depressed, or hopeless
3, Trouble falling or staying asleep, or sleeping too much
4. Feeling tired or having little energy
5. Poor appetite or overeating
6. Feeling bad about yourself, or that you are a failure, or have let yourself or your family down
7, Trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television
8. Moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed. Or the opposite--being so fidgety or restless that you have been moving around a lot more than usual
Score is the sum of the 8 items. If more than 1 item missing, set the value of the scale to missing. A score of 10 or greater is considered major depression, 20 or more is severe major depression.
Date:
1. Walking to the bathroom.
2. Walking up stairs.
3. Doing something with a friend. (For example, playing a game.)
4. Doing chores at home.
5. Eating regular meals.
6. Being up all day without a nap or rest.
7. Riding the school bus or traveling in the car.
8. Being at school all day.
9. Doing the activities in gym class (or playing sports).
10. Reading or doing homework.
11. Watching TV.
12. Walking the length of a football field.
13. Running the length of a football field.
14.Going shopping.
15. Getting to sleep at night and staying asleep.
1. If my condition worsens, it is my own behavior which determines how soon I will feel better again.
2. As to my condition, what will be will be.
3. If I see my doctor regularly, I am less likely to have problems with my condition.
4. Most things that affect my condition happen to me by chance.
5. Whenever my condition worsens, I should consult a medically trained professional.
6. I am directly responsible for my condition getting better or worse.
7. Other people play a big role in whether my condition improves, stays the same, or gets worse.
8. Whatever goes wrong with my condition is my own fault.
9. Luck plays a big part in determining how my condition improves.
10. In order for my condition to improve, it is up to other people to see that the right things happen.
11. Whatever improvement occurs with my condition is largely a matter of good fortune.
12. The main thing which affects my condition is what I myself do.
13. I deserve the credit when my condition improves and the blame when it gets worse.
14. Following doctor's orders to the letter is the best way to keep my condition from getting any worse.
15. If my condition worsens, it's a matter of fate.
16. If I am lucky, my condition will get better.
17. If my condition takes a turn for the worse, it is because I have not been taking proper care of myself.
18. The type of help I receive from other people determines how soon my condition improves.
a. Gas
b. Mucus 
c. Liquid Stool
d. Solid Stool
Name of doctor goes here:
1. Did you get care from the doctor named above in the last 12 months?
2. Is this the doctor you usually see if you need a check-up, want advice about a health problem, or get sick or hurt?
3. How long have you been going to this doctor?
4. In the last 12 months, how many times did you visit this doctor to get care for yourself?
5. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office to get an appointment for an illness, injury or condition that needed care right away?
6. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office to get an appointment for care you needed right away, how often did you get an appointment as soon as you thought you needed?
7. In the last 12 months, did you make any appointments for a check-up or routine care with this doctor?
8. In the last 12 months, when you made an appointment for a check-up or routine care with this doctor, how often did you get an appointment as soon as you thought you needed?
9. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office with a medical question during regular office hours?
10. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office during regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question that same day?
11. In the last 12 months, did you phone this doctor's office with a medical question after regular office hours?
12. In the last 12 months, when you phoned this doctor's office after regular office hours, how often did you get an answer to your medical question as soon as you needed?
13. Wait time includes time spent in the waiting room and exam room. In the last 12 months, how often did you see this doctor within 15 minutes of your appointment time?
14. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor explain things in a way that was easy to understand?
15. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor listen carefully to you?
16. In the last 12 months, did you talk with this doctor about any health problems or concerns?
17. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor give you easy to understand instructions about taking care of these health problems or concerns?
18. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor seem to know the important information about your medical history?
19. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor show respect for what you had to say?
20. In the last 12 months, how often did this doctor spend enough time with you?
21. In the last 12 months, did this doctor order a blood test, x-ray or other test for you?
22. In the last 12 months, when this doctor ordered a blood test, x-ray or other test for you, how often did someone from this doctor's office follow up to give you those results?
23. Using any number from 0 to 10, where 0 is the worst doctor possible and 10 is the best doctor possible, what number would you use to rate this doctor?
24. In the last 12 months, how often were clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office as helpful as you thought they should be?
25. In the last 12 months, how often did clerks and receptionists at this doctor's office treat you with courtesy and respect?
26. In general, how would you rate your overall health?
27. A health provider is a doctor, nurse or anyone else you would see for health care. In the past 12 months, have you seen a doctor or other health provider 3 or more times for the same condition or problem?
28. Is this a condition or problem that has lasted for at least 3 months? Do not include pregnancy or menopause.
29. Do you now need or take medicine prescribed by a doctor? Do not include birth control.
30. Is this medicine to treat a condition that has lasted for at least 3 months? Do not include pregnancy or menopause.
31. What is your age?
32. Are you male or female?
33. What is the highest grade or level of school that you have completed?
34. Are you of Hispanic or Latino origin or descent?
35. What is your race? Please mark one or more.
36. Did someone help you complete this survey?
37. How did that person help you? Mark all that apply.
How did that person help?
1. I can't think straight when in pain
2. During painful episodes it is difficult for me to think of anything besides the pain
3. When I hurt I think about pain constantly
4. I find it hard to concentrate when I hurt
5. I worry when I am in pain
6. I go immediately to bed when I feel severe pain
7. I will stop any activity as soon as I sense pain coming on
8. As soon as pain comes on I take medication to reduce it
9. I avoid important activities when I hurt
10. I try to avoid activities that cause pain
11. I think that if my pain gets too severe it will never decrease
12. When I feel pain I am afraid that something terrible will happen
13. When I feel pain I think I might be seriously ill
14. Pain sensations are terrifying
15. When pain comes on strong I think that I might become paralyzed or more disabled
16. I begin trembling when engaged in activity that increases pain
17. Pain seems to cause my heart to pound or race
18. When I sense pain I feel dizzy or faint
19. Pain makes me nauseous
20. I find it difficult to calm my body down after periods of pain
Cognitive (Items 1 to 5)
Escape/Avoidance (Items 6 to 10)
Fear (Items 11 to 15)
Physiological Anxiety (Items 16 to 20)
Total Score
Running: running while playing a sport or jogging
Cutting: changing directions while running
Decelerating: coming to a quick stop while running
Pivoting: turning your body with your foot planted while playing a sport; For example: skiing, skating, kicking, throwing, hitting a ball (golf, tennis, squash), etc.
Your name?
Who's application is being viewed?
Overall score (1-9; 1 best, 9 worst)
Should this proposal be funded?
Please comment on the strengths and weakness on the SIGNIFICANCE of the project
Please comment on the strengths and weakness on the INVESTIGATORS of the project
Please comment on the strengths and weakness on the INNOVATION of the project
Please comment on the strengths and weakness on the APPROACH of the project
Please comment on the strengths and weakness on the HUMAN SUBJECTS of the project
Any other comments to share?
Systolic BP
Heart rate
Respiratory rate
Temperature
AVPU Score
Score
points

7.9% chance of ICU admission or death within 60 days
points

12.7% chance of ICU admission or death within 60 days
points

30% chance of ICU admission or death within 60 days
For any single physiological parameter with assigned score of 3, consider higher level of care for patient
The following questions ask you to think about yourself and other people. Please respond to each question by using your own current beliefs and experiences, NOT what you think is true in general, or what might be true for other people. Please base your responses on how you've been feeling recently. Use the rating scale to find the number that best matches how you feel and select the radio button. There are no right or wrong answers: we are interested in what you think and feel. 
Reverse coding has already been applied for scoring purposes.
1.  These days, the people in my life would be better off if I were gone  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
2.  These days, the people in my life would be happier without me  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
3.  These days, I think I am a burden on society  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
4.  These days, I think my death would be a relief to the people in my life  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
5.  These days, I think the people in my life wish they could be rid of me  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
6.  These days, I think I make things worse for the people in my life  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
7.  These days, other people care about me  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
8.  These days, I feel like I belong  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
9. These days, I rarely interact with people who care about me  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
10. These days, I am fortunate to have many
caring and supportive friends
 (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
11. These days, I feel disconnected from other people  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
12. These days, I often feel like an outsider in social gatherings  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
13.  These days, I feel that there are people I can turn to in times of need   (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
14. These days, I am close to other people  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)
15. These days, I have at least one satisfying interaction every day  (1=Not at all true for me, 4 = Somewhat true for me, 7= Very true for me)

What is your race? (Select all that apply.)
You chose "Other Pacific Islander." Please type in your specific race.
You chose "Other Asian." Please type in your specific race.
You chose "Some other race." Please type in your race.
You did not answer the question "What is your race?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is your race?"
Are you of Hispanic/Latino origin?
You chose "Yes, another Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin." Please type in your origin.
You did not answer the question "Are you of Hispanic/Latino origin?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Are you of Hispanic/Latino origin?"
What is the highest level of school you have completed?
 
 
 
 Note: 
 
 Elementary School = 1-8
 
 High School = 9-12
 
 College = 13-16
 
 Graduate/Professional School = 17-20+
You did not answer the question "What is the highest level of school you have completed?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is the highest level of school you have completed?"
What is the highest degree you earned?
You chose "Other." Please type in the highest degree you earned.
You did not answer the question "What is the highest degree you earned?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "What is the highest degree you earned?"
How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating? Would you say it is:
You did not answer the question "How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How hard is it for you to pay for the very basics like food, housing, medical care, and heating?"
Stress means a situation in which a person feels tense, restless, nervous, or anxious, or is unable to sleep at night because his/her mind is troubled all the time. Do you feel this kind of stress these days?
You did not answer the question "Do you feel this kind of stress these days?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Do you feel this kind of stress these days?"
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?
You did not answer the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by little interest or pleasure in doing things?"
Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?
You did not answer the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you been bothered by feeling down, depressed, or hopeless?"
Scoring notes: The points on the two depression screening questions are added to produce a PHQ-2 summary score. A PHQ-2 score of >= 3 corresponds to a positive screen for depression.
Depression Score
On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise (like walking fast, running, jogging, dancing, swimming, biking, or other activities that cause a light or heavy sweat)?
You did not answer the question "On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "On average, how many days per week do you engage in moderate to strenuous exercise?"
On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?
You did not answer the question "On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "On average, how many minutes do you engage in exercise at this level?"
Scoring notes: An Exercise Vital Signs Summary Score is obtained by using the responses from the two questions to determine minutes per week of moderate to strenuous activity.
 
 
 
 Activity levels are defined as follows:
 
Inactive: 0 min/week Insufficiently active: 1-149 min/week Sufficiently active: 150+ min/week
Physical Activity Score
Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE?
You did not answer the question "Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Have you smoked at least 100 cigarettes in your ENTIRE LIFE?"
Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all?
You did not answer the question "Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Do you NOW smoke cigarettes every day, some days, or not at all?"
Scoring notes: Smoking status is determined based on responses to the above two questions. "Never smoker" is defined as a response of "no" to the first question. Those who leave the first question blank are classified as "Unknown if ever smoked." If the answer to the first question is "yes" then responses to the second question define smoking status as follows:
 
 
 
Not at all = Former smokerSome days = Current some day smokerEvery day = Current every day smoker
How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
You did not answer the question "How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?"
How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
You did not answer the question "How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinkin?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How many standard drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?"
How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?
You did not answer the question "How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you have 6 or more drinks on one occasion?"
Scoring notes: Assuming a valid response for the above three questions, the sum of the scores defines a positive screening test for alcohol as follows: >= 4 (men) and >= 3 (women)
Alcohol Use Score
In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors?
You did not answer the question "In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "In a typical week, how many times do you talk on the telephone with family, friends, or neighbors?"
In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives (for example, going out together or visiting in each other's homes)?
You did not answer the question "In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "In a typical week, how often do you get together with friends or relatives?"
How often do you attend church or religious services?
You did not answer the question "How often do you attend church or religious services?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you attend church or religious services?"
How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?
You did not answer the question "How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "How often do you attend meetings of the clubs or organizations you belong to?"
Which of the following best describes your marital status?
You did not answer the question "Which of the following best describes your marital status?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Which of the following best describes your marital status?"
Scoring notes: The social isolation summary score is obtained by adding the points for the above five questions. Respondents receive 1 point for averaging 3 or more interactions per week (based on the average of the first two questions), 1 point for attending church services 4 times per year or more, 1 point for attending club or organization meetings, and 1 point for being married or living in a marital-like relationship. Questions left black are excluded from the calculation. The scores are categorized as follows:
 
 
 
 Most isolated: 0-1 pointVery isolated: 2 pointsSomewhat isolated: 3 pointsNot isolated: 4 points
Social Connection or Isolation Score
Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been humiliated or emotionally abused in other ways by your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been afraid of your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been raped or forced to have any kind of sexual activity by your partner or ex-partner?"
Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?
You did not answer the question "Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?" Please tell us why you did not answer this question.
Please tell us your reason for not answering the question "Within the last year, have you been kicked, hit, slapped, or otherwise hurt by your partner or ex-partner?"
Scoring notes: The summary score is obtained by adding the number of points for the above four questions. A score >= 1 denotes a positive screen for intimate partner violence.
Intimate Partner Violence Score
Name
Age
Date
1) Usual Work
2) Usual Sport/Leisure activity?
3) Do you have shoulder pain at night?
4) Do you take pain killers such as paracetamol (acetaminophen), diclofenac, or ibuprofen?
5) Do you take strong pain killers such as codeine, tramadol, or morphine?
6) How many pills do you take on an average day?
7) Intensity of pain?
8) Is it difficult for you to put on a coat?
9) Is it difficult for you to sleep on the affected side?
10) Is it difficult for you to wash your back/do up bra?
11) Is it difficult for you manage toiletting?
12) Is it difficult for you to comb your hair?
13) Is it difficult for you to reach a high shelf?
14) Is it difficult for you to lift 10lbs. (4.5kg) above your shoulder?
15) Is it difficult for you to throw a ball overhand?
16) Is it difficult for you to do your usual work?
17) Is it difficult for you to do your usual sport/leisure activity?
The Total ASES score is:
Reference : American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons Standardized Shoulder Assessment Form, patient self-report section: reliability, validity, and responsiveness.Michener LA, McClure PW, Sennett BJ.J Shoulder Elbow Surg. 2002 Nov-Dec;11(6):587-94.
About: This scale is a self-report measure of self-efficacy. Items: 10 Reliability:Internal reliability for GSE = Cronbach's alphas between .76 and .90 Validity:The General Self-Efficacy Scale is correlated to emotion, optimism, work satisfaction. Negative coefficients were found for depression, stress, health complaints, burnout, and anxiety. Scoring:      Not at all true Hardly true Moderately true Exactly true   All questions 1 2 3 4    The total score is calculated by finding the sum of the all items. For the GSE, the total score ranges between 10 and 40, with a higher score indicating more self-efficacy. References:Schwarzer, R., & Jerusalem, M. (1995). Generalized Self-Efficacy scale. In J. Weinman, S. Wright, & M. Johnston, Measures in health psychology: A user's portfolio. Causal and control beliefs (pp. 35-37). Windsor, UK: NFER-NELSON.
1. I can always manage to solve difficult problems if I try hard enough.
2. If someone opposes me, I can find the means and ways to get what I want.
3. It is easy for me to stick to my aims and accomplish my goals.
4. I am confident that I could deal efficiently with unexpected events.
5. Thanks to my resourcefulness, I know how to handle unforeseen situations.
6. I can solve most problems if I invest the necessary effort.
7. I can remain calm when facing difficulties because I can rely on my coping abilities.
8. When I am confronted with a problem, I can usually find several solutions.
9. If I am in trouble, I can usually think of a solution.
10. I can usually handle whatever comes my way.
Date Consent Signed
Consented?
Consent Type
Consent Type Specify
Consent Language
Who Consented?
Your family member was a patient in this ICU. You have been recorded as being the "next-of-kin". The questions that follow ask YOU  about your family member's most recent ICU admission . We understand that there were probably many doctors and nurses and other staff involved in caring for your family member. We know that there may be exceptions but we are interested in your overall assessment  of the quality of care we delivered. We understand that this was probably a very difficult time for you and your family members. We would appreciate you taking the time to provide us with your opinion. Please take a moment to tell us what we did well and what we can do to make our ICU better. Please be assured that all responses are confidential. The Doctors and Nurses who looked after your family member will not be able to identify your responses.
Please complete the following to help us know a little about you and your relationship to the patient.
1. I am:
2. I am
3. I am the patient's:
Other, please specify:
4. Before this most recent event, have you been involved as a family member of a patient in an ICU (Intensive Care Unit)?
5. Do you live with the patient?
If no, then on average how often do you see the patient?
6. Where do you live?
Please check one box that best reflects your views. If the question does not apply to your family member's stay then check the not applicable box (N/A).
1. Concern and Caring by ICU
 Staff:
 The courtesy, respect and
 compassion your family member
 (the patient) was given
2. Pain
3. Breathlessness
4. Agitation
5. Consideration of your needs: How well the ICU staff showed an interest in your needs
6. Emotional support: How well the ICU staff provided emotional support
7. Co-ordination of care: The teamwork of all the ICU staff who took care of your family member
8. Concern and Caring by ICU Staff: The courtesy, respect and compassion you were given
NURSES 
 9. Skill and Competence of ICU Nurses: How well the nurses cared for your family member.
10. Frequency of Communication With ICU Nurses: How often nurses communicated to you about your family member's condition
PHYSICIANS (All Doctors, including Residents)
 11. Skill and Competence of ICU Doctors: How well doctors cared for your family member.
THE ICU
 12. Atmosphere of ICU was?
THE WAITING ROOM
 13. The Atmosphere in the ICU
 Waiting Room was?
14. Some people want everything done for their health problems while others do not want a lot done. How satisfied were you with the LEVEL or amount of health care your family member received in the ICU?
INSTRUCTIONS FOR FAMILY OF CRITICALLY ILL PATIENTS
 
 This part of the questionnaire is designed to measure how you feel about YOUR
 involvement in decisions related to your family member's health care. In the Intensive Care
 Unit (ICU), your family member may have received care from different people. We would
 like you to think about all the care your family member received when you are answering the
 questions. 
 
 PLEASE CHECK ONE BOX THAT BEST DESCRIBES YOUR FEELINGS
1. Frequency of Communication With ICU Doctors: How often doctors communicated to you about your family member's condition
2. Ease of getting information: Willingness of ICU staff to answer your questions
3. Understanding of Information: How well ICU staff provided you with explanations that you understood
4. Honesty of Information: The honesty of information provided to you about your family member's condition
5. Completeness of Information: How well ICU staff informed you what was happening to your family member and why things were being done.
6. Consistency of Information: The consistency of information provided to you about your family member's condition (Did you get a similar story from the doctor, nurse, etc.)
7. Did you feel included in the decision making process?
8. Did you feel supported during the decision making process?
9. Did you feel you had control over the care of your family member?
10. When making decisions, did you have adequate time to have your concerns addressed and questions answered?
If your family member died during the ICU stay, please answer the following questions (11-13). If your family member did not die please skip to question 14.
11. Which of the following best describes your views:
12. During the final hours of your family member's life, which of the following best describes your views:
13. During the last few hours before your family member's death, which of the following best describes your views:
14. Do you have any suggestions on how to make care provided in the ICU better?
15. Do you have any comments on things we did well?
16. Please add any comments or suggestions that you feel may be helpful to the staff of this hospital.
Form A Instructions: Each item below is a belief statement about your medical condition with which you may agree or disagree. Beside each statement is a scale which ranges from strongly disagree (1) to strongly agree (6). For each item we would like you to choose the number that represents the extent to which you agree or disagree with that statement. The more you agree with a statement, the higher will be the number you choose. The more you disagree with a statement, the lower will be the number you choose. Please make sure that you answer EVERY ITEM and that you choose ONLY ONE number per item. This is a measure of your personal beliefs; obviously, there are no right or wrong answers.
1. If I get sick, it is my own behavior which determines how soon I get well again.
2. No matter what I do, if I am going to get sick, I will get sick.
3. Having regular contact with my physician is the best way for me to avoid illness.
4. Most things that affect my health happen to me by accident.
5. Whenever I don't feel well, I should consult a medically trained professional.
6. I am in control of my health.
7. My family has a lot to do with my becoming sick or staying healthy.
8. When I get sick, I am to blame.
9. Luck plays a big part in determining how soon I will recover from an illness.
10. Health professionals control my health.
11. My good health is largely a matter of good fortune.
12. The main thing which affects my health is what I myself do.
13. If I take care of myself, I can avoid illness.
14. Whenever I recover from an illness, it's usually because other people (forexample, doctors, nurses, family, friends) have been taking good care of me.
15. No matter what I do, I 'm likely to get sick.
16. If it's meant to be, I will stay healthy.
17. If I take the right actions, I can stay healthy.
18. Regarding my health, I can only do what my doctor tells me to do.
Directions: We are interested in the different ways that people respond to intense or prolonged pain (toothache, muscle strain, headache). Using a 0 ("Not at all") to 4 ("All the time") scale, please rate how much each of the following items describe how you respond when faced with intense or prolonged pain.
I get back out there
I still work to accomplish my goals
I push through it
I try to continue working
I like to stay active
I focus on positive thoughts
I keep a positive attitude
It doesn't affect my happiness
I still find joy in my life
I keep a hopeful attitude
I don't let it get me down
I don't let it upset me
I avoid negative thoughts
I try to stay relaxed
Behavioral Perseverance
Cognitive/Affective Positivity
1. How frequently do you feel sexual desire? This feeling may include wanting to have sex, planning to have sex, feeling frustrated due to lack of sex, etc.
2. Do you climax (have an orgasm) when having sexual intercourse with your partner?
3. Do you feel sexually excited (turned on) when having sexual activity with your partner?
4. How satisfied are you with the variety of sexual activities in you current sex life?
5. Do you feel pain during sexual intercourse?
6. Are you incontinent of urine (leak urine) with sexual activity?
7. Does fear of incontinence (either stool or urine) restrict your sexual activity?
8. Do you avoid sexual intercourse because of bulging in the vagina (either the bladder, rectum or vagina falling out)?
9. When you have sex with your partner, do you have negative emotional reactions such as fear,
disgust, shame or guilt?
10. Does your partner have a problem with erections that affects your sexual activity?
11. Does your partner have a problem with premature ejaculation that affects your sexual activity?
12. Compared to orgasms you have had in the past, how intense are the orgasms you have had in the past six months?
Scoring Instructions
First Name
Last Name
Date
Listed below are a number of symptoms that you may or may not have experienced since your illness. Please indicate by selecting Yes or No, whether you have experienced any of these symptoms since your illness, and whether you believe that these symptoms are related to your illness.
Pain
Sore Throat
Nausea
Breathlessness
Weight Loss
Fatigue
Stiff Joints
Sore Eyes
Wheeziness
Headaches
Upset Stomach
Sleep Difficulties
Dizziness
Loss of Strength
Pain
Sore Throat
Nausea
Breathlessness
Weight Loss
Fatigue
Stiff Joints
Sore Eyes
Wheeziness
Headaches
Upset Stomach
Sleep Difficulties
Dizziness
Loss of Strength
We are interested in your own personal views of how you now see your current illness. Please indicate how much you agree or disagree with the following statements about your illness by ticking the appropriate box.
IP1. My illness will last a short time
IP2. My illness is likely to be permanent rather than temporary
IP3. My illness will last for a long time
IP4. This illness will pass quickly
IP5. I expect to have this illness for the rest of my life
IP6. My illness is a serious condition
IP7. My illness has major consequences on my life
IP8. My illness does not have much effect on my life
IP9. My illness strongly affects the way others see me
IP10. My illness has serious financial consequences
IP11. My illness causes difficulties for those who are close to me
IP12. There is a lot which I can do to control my symptoms
IP13. What I do can determine whether my illness gets better or worse
IP14. The course of my illness depends on me
IP15. Nothing I do will affect my illness
IP16. I have the power to influence my illness
IP17. My actions will have no affect on the outcome of my illness
IP18. My illness will improve in time
IP19. There is very little that can be done to improve my illness
IP20. My treatment will be effective in curing my illness
IP21.The negative effects of my illness can be prevented (avoided) by my treatment
IP22.My treatment can control my illness
IP23. There is nothing which can help my condition
IP24. The symptoms of my condition are puzzling to me
IP25. My illness is a mystery to me
IP26. I don't understand my illness
IP27. My illness doesn't make any sense to me
IP28. I have a clear picture or understanding of my condition
IP29. The symptoms of my illness change a great deal from day to day
IP30. My symptoms come and go in cycles
IP31. My illness is very unpredictable
IP32. I go through cycles in which my illness gets better and worse
IP33. I get depressed when I think about my illness
IP34. When I think about my illness I get upset
IP35. My illness makes me feel angry
IP36. My illness does not worry me
IP37. Having this illness makes me feel anxious
IP38. My illness makes me feel afraid
We are interested in what you consider may have been the cause of your illness. As people are very different, there is no correct answer for this question. We are most interested in your own views about the factors that caused your illness rather than what others including doctors or family may have suggested to you. Below is a list of possible causes for your illness. Please indicate how much you agree or disagree that they were causes for you by ticking the appropriate box.
C1.  Stress or worry
C2.  Hereditary - it runs in my family
C3.  A germ or virus
C4.  Diet or eating habits
C5.  Chance or bad luck
C6.  Poor medical care in my past
C7.  Pollution in the environment
C8.  My own behaviour
C9.  My mental attitude e.g. thinking about life negatively
C10. Family problems or worries caused my illness
C11. Overwork
C12. My emotional state e.g. feeling down, lonely, anxious, empty
C13. Ageing
C14. Alcohol
C15. Smoking
C16. Accident or injury
C17. My personality
C18. Altered immunity
In the table below, please list in rank-order the three most important factors that you now believe caused YOUR illness. You may use any of the items from the box above, or you may have additional ideas of your own.
The most important causes for me:
1
2
3
Identity 
Timeline (acute/chronic)
Consequences
Personal control
Treatment control items
Illness coherence items
Timeline cyclical
Emotional representations
Today's Date
Sex of Child
Date of Baby's Birth
Age of Child (months)
Age of Child (weeks)
As you read each description of the baby's behavior below, please indicate how often the baby did this during the LAST WEEK (the past seven days) by choosing one of the numbers. These numbers indicate how often you observed the behavior described during the last week.  (1) Never (2) Very Rarely (3) Less Than Half the Time (4) About Half the Time (5) More Than Half the Time (6) Almost Always (7) Always (X) Does Not Apply  The "Does Not Apply" (X) choice is used when you did not see the baby in the situation described during the last week. For example, if the situation mentions the baby having to wait for food or liquids and there was no time during the last week when the baby had to wait, click the (X) "Do Not Apply". "Does Not Apply" is different from "Never" (1). "Never" is used when you saw the baby in the situation but the baby never engaged in the behavior listed during the last week. For example, if the baby did have to wait for food or liquids at least once but never cried loudly while waiting, click the (1) "Never" choice.  Please be sure to choose a number for every item.
(1) make talking sounds when s/he was ready for more food?
(2) seem angry (crying and fussing) when you left her/him in the crib?
(3) seem contented when left in the crib?
(4) cry or fuss before going to sleep for naps?
(5) look at pictures in books and/or magazines for 5 minutes or longer at a time?
(6) stare at a mobile, crib bumper or picture for 5 minutes or longer?
(7) play with one toy or object for 5-10 minutes?
(8) play with one toy or object for 10 minutes or longer?
(9) laugh aloud in play?
(10) repeat the same movement with an object for 2 minutes or longer (e.g. putting a block in a cup, kicking or hitting a mobile)?
(11) smile or laugh after accomplishing something (e.g., stacking blocks, etc.)?
(12) smile or laugh when given a toy?
(13) enjoy being read to?
(14) enjoy hearing the sound of words, as in nursery rhymes?
(15) enjoy gentle rhythmic activities, such as rocking or swaying?
(16) enjoy being tickled by you or someone else in your family?
(17) enjoy the feel of soft blankets?
(18) enjoy being rolled up in a warm blanket?
(19) enjoy listening to a musical toy in a crib?
(20) look up from playing when the telephone rang?
(21) protest being placed in a confining place (infant seat, play pen, car seat, etc)?
(22) startle at a sudden change in body position (for example, when moved suddenly)?
(23) move quickly toward new objects?
(24) show a strong desire for something s/he wanted?
(25) watch adults performing household activities (e.g., cooking, etc.) for more than 5 minutes?
(26) squeal or shout when excited?
(27) notice low-pitched noises (e.g. air conditioner, heating system, or refrigerator running or starting up)?
(28) notice a change in light when a cloud passed over the sun?
(29) notice the sound of an airplane passing overhead?
(30) notice a bird or a squirrel up in a tree?
(31) notice fabrics with scratchy texture (e.g., wool)?
(32) appear sad for no apparent reason?
(33) lie or sit quietly
(34) squirm or kick?
(35) wave his/her arms?
(36) fall asleep within 10 minutes?
(37) have a hard time settling down at sleep?
(38) settle down to sleep easily?
(39) squirm and/or try to roll away?
(40) smile or laugh?
(41) coo or vocalize?
(42) smile?
(43) laugh?
(44) smile?
(45) laugh?
(46) smile?
(47) laugh?
(48) while on your lap?
(49) on an object, such as a bed, bouncer chair, or toy?
(50) pull away or kick?
(51) seem to enjoy him/herself?
(52) become upset when s/he could not get what s/he wanted?
(53) have tantrums (crying, screaming, face red, etc.) when s/he did not get what s/he wanted?
(54) wave arms and kick?
(55) squirm and turn body?
(56) riding in a car?
(57) riding in a shopping cart?
(58) you talked to her/him?
(59) seem to enjoy her/himself?
(60) seem eager to get away?
(61) while being fed in your lap,how often did the baby seem eager to get away as soon as the feeding was over?
(62) after sleeping, how often did the baby cry if someone didn't come within a few minutes?
(63) when put down for a nap, how often did your baby settle down quickly?
(64) when it was time for bed or a nap and your baby did not want to go, how often did s/he whimper or sob?
(65) when face was washed, how often did the baby smile or laugh?
(66) when hair was washed, how often did the baby vocalize?
(67) when playing quietly with one of her/his favorite toys, how often did your baby enjoy lying in the crib for more than 5 minutes?
(68) when your baby saw a toy s/he wanted, how often did s/he get very excited about getting it?
(69) when given a new toy, how often did your baby immediately go after it?
(70) when placed on his/her back, how often did the baby squirm and/or turn body?
(71) when frustrated with something, how often did your baby calm down within 5 minutes?
(72) when your baby was upset about something, how often did s/he stay upset for up to 20 minutes or longer?
(73) when being carried, how often did your baby push against you until put down?
(74) when tired, how often did your baby show distress?
(75) at the end of an exciting day, how often did your baby become tearful?
(76) cling to a parent?
(77) refuse to go to the unfamiliar person?
(78) never "warm up" to the unfamiliar adult?
(79) become sad?
(80) cry?
(81) soothe immediately?
(82) take more than 10 minutes to soothe?
(83) soothe immediately?
(84) take more than 10 minutes to soothe?
(85) soothe immediately?
(86) take more than 10 minutes to soothe?
(87) when in the presence of several unfamiliar adults, how often did the baby continue to be upset for 10 minutes or longer?
(88) when visiting a new place, how often did the baby get excited about exploring new surroundings?
(89) when an unfamiliar adult came to your home or apartment, how often did your baby cry when the visitor attempted to pick her/him up?
(90) when familiar relatives/friends came to visit, how often did your baby get excited?
(91) when rocking your baby, how often did s/he take more than 10 minutes to soothe?
1.  Feeling nervous, anxious, or on edge  
2.  Not being able to stop or control worrying  
3.  Worrying too much about different things  
4.  Trouble relaxing  
5.  Being so restless that it's hard to sit still  
6.  Becoming easily annoyed or irritable  
7.  Feeling afraid as if something awful might happen  
Total - Not at all sure 
Total - Several days 
Total - Over half the days
Total - Nearly every day  
Total Score
If you checked off any problems, how difficult have these made it for you to do your work, take care of things at home, or get along with other people? 
Kessler Psychological Distress Scale (K10)Source: Kessler R. Professor of Health Care Policy, Harvard MedicalSchool, Boston, USA.This is a 10-item questionnaire intended to yield a global measure of distress based on questions about anxiety and depressive symptoms that a person has experienced in the most recent 4 week period.Why use the K10The use of a consumer self-report measure is a desirable method of assessment because it is a genuine attempt on the part of the clinician to collect information on the patient's current condition and to establish a productive dialogue. When completing the K10 the consumer should be provided with privacy. (Information sourced from the NSW Mental health Outcomes andAssessment Training (MH-OAT) facilitator's Manual, NSW HealthDepartment 2001) How to administer the questionnaire As a general rule, patients who rate most commonly "Some of the time" or "All of the time" categories are in need of a more detailed assessment. Referral information should be provided to these individuals. Patients who rate most commonly "A little of the time" or "None of the time" may also benefit from early intervention and promotional information to assist raising awareness of the conditions of depression and anxiety as well as strategies to prevent future mental health issues. (Information sourced from the NSW Mental health Outcomes and Assessment Training (MH-OAT) facilitator's Manual, NSW Health Department 2001)
1. During the last 30 days, how often did you feel tired out for no good reason?
2. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel nervous?
3. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so nervous that nothing could calm you down?
4. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel hopeless?
5. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel restless or fidgety?
6. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so restless you could not sit still?
7. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel depressed?
8. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel that everything was an effort?
9. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel so sad that nothing could cheer you up?
10. During the last 30 days, about how often did you feel worthless?
Scoring FOR DOCTOR'S EYES ONLY This is a questionnaire for patients to complete. It is a measure of psychological distress. The numbers attached to the patients 10 responses are added up and the total score is the score on the Kessler Psychological Distress Scale (K10). Scores will range from 10 to 50. People seen in primary care who  score under 20 are likely to be well  score 20-24 are likely to have a mild mental disorder  score 25-29 are likely to have moderate mental disorder  score 30 and over are likely to have a severe mental disorder 13% of the adult population will score 20 and over and about 1 in 4 patients seen in primary care will score 20 and over. This is a screening instrument and practitioners should make a clinical judgement as to whether a person needs treatment. Scores usually decline with effective treatment. Patients whose scores remain above 24 after treatment should be reviewed and specialist referral considered. References: Kessler, R.C., Andrews, G., Colpe, .et al (2002) Short screening scales to monitor population prevalences and trends in non-specific psychological distress.Psychological Medicine, 32, 959-956. Andrews, G., Slade, T (2001). Interpreting scores on the Kessler Psychological DistressScale (k10). Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health, 25, 494-497.
Score
*These scales should NOT be used alone to make any diagnosis.   NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale-TEACHER Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-PARENT Informant NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Follow-up-TEACHER Informant
Teacher's Name
Class Time
Class Name/Period:
Today's Date
Child's Name
Grade Level
Please indicate the number of weeks or months you have been able to evaluate the behaviors:
Is this evaluation based on a time when the child
1. Does not pay attention to details or makes careless mistakes with, for example, homework
2. Has difficulty keeping attention to what needs to be done
3. Does not seem to listen when spoken to directly
4. Does not follow through when given directions and fails to finish activities (not due to refusal or failure to understand)
5. Has difficulty organizing tasks and activities
6. Avoids, dislikes, or does not want to start tasks that require ongoing mental effort
7. Loses things necessary for tasks or activities (toys, assignments, pencils, or books)
8. Is easily distracted by noises or other stimuli
9. Is forgetful in daily activities
10. Fidgets with hands or feet or squirms in seat
11. Leaves seat when remaining seated is expected
12. Runs about or climbs too much when remaining seated is expected
13. Has difficulty playing or beginning quiet play activities
14. Is "on the go" or often acts as if "driven by a motor"
15. Talks too much
16. Blurts out answers before questions have been completed
17. Has difficulty waiting his or her turn
18. Interrupts or intrudes in on others' conversations and/or activities
19. Reading
20. Mathematics
21. Written expression
22. Relationship with peers
23. Following direction
24. Disrupting class
25. Assignment completion
26. Organizational skills
Headache
Stomachache
Change of appetite-explain below
Trouble sleeping
Irritability in the late morning, late afternoon, or evening-explain below
Socially withdrawn-decreased interaction with others
Extreme sadness or unusual crying
Dull, tired, listless behavior
Tremors/feeling shaky
Repetitive movements, tics, jerking, twitching, eye blinking-explain below
Picking at skin or fingers, nail biting, lip or cheek chewing-explain below
Sees or hears things that aren't there
Explain/Comments:
Scoring Instructions for the NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scales
Total Symptom Score for questions 1-18:
Average Performance Score:
Today's Date
Date of birth:
Name:
S1.  Do you have swelling in your knee?
S2.  Do you feel grinding, hear clicking or any other type of noise when your knee moves?
S3.  Does your knee catch or hang up when moving?
S4.  Can you straighten your knee fully?
S5.  Can you bend your knee fully?
S6.  How severe is your knee joint stiffness after first wakening in the morning?
S7. How severe is your knee stiffness after sitting, lying or resting later in the day?
P1.  How often do you experience knee pain?
P2.  Twisting/pivoting on your knee
P3.  Straightening knee fully
P4.  Bending knee fully
P5.  Walking on flat surface
P6.  Going up or down stairs
P7.  At night while in bed
P8.  Sitting or lying
P9.  Standing upright
A1.  Descending stairs
A2.  Ascending stairs
A3.  Rising from sitting
A4.  Standing
A5.  Bending to floor/pick up an object
A6.  Walking on flat surface
A7.  Getting in/out of car
A8.  Going shopping
A9.  Putting on socks/stockings
A10.  Rising from bed
A11.  Taking off socks/stockings
A12.  Lying in bed (turning over, maintaining knee position)
A13.  Getting in/out of bath
A14.  Sitting
A15.  Getting on/off toilet
A16.  Heavy domestic duties (movign heavy boxes, scrubbing floors, etc)
A17.  Light domestic duties (cooking, dusting, etc)
SP1.  Squatting

SP2.  Running
SP3.  Jumping
SP4.  Twisting/pivoting on your injured knee
SP5.  Kneeling
Q1.  How often are you aware of your knee problem?
Q2.  Have you modified your life style to avoid potentially damaging activities to your knee?
Q3.  How much are you troubled with lack of confidence in your knee?
Q4.  In general, how much difficulty do you have with your knee?
While you were growing up, during your first 18 years of life:
Did a parent or other adult in the household often ...Swear at you, insult you, put you down, or humiliate you?orAct in a way that made you afraid that you might be physically hurt?
Did a parent or other adult in the household often ...Push, grab, slap, or throw something at you?orEver hit you so hard that you had marks or were injured?
Did an adult or person at least 5 years older than you ever...Touch or fondle you or have you touch their body in a sexual way?orTry to or actually have oral, anal, or vaginal sex with you?
Did you often feel that ...No one in your family loved you or thought you were important or special?orYour family didn't look out for each other, feel close to each other, or support each other?
Did you often feel that ...You didn't have enough to eat, had to wear dirty clothes, and had no one to protect you?orYour parents were too drunk or high to take care of you or take you to the doctor if you needed it?
Were your parents ever separated or divorced?
Was your mother or stepmother:Often pushed, grabbed, slapped, or had something thrown at her?orSometimes or often kicked, bitten, hit with a fist, or hit with something hard?orEver repeatedly hit over at least a few minutes or threatened with a gun or knife?
Did you live with anyone who was a problem drinker or alcoholic or who used street drugs?
Was a household member depressed or mentally ill or did a household member attempt suicide?
Did a household member go to prison?
ACE Score
1. Speech
2. Salivation
3.  Swallowing
4. Handwriting
5a: Cutting food and handling utensils Patients without gastrostomy
5b. Cutting food and handling utensils Patients with gastrostomy 
6. Dressing and hygiene
7.  Turning in bed and adjusting bed clothes
8. Walking
9. Climbing stairs
10. Dyspnea
11. Orthopnea
12. Respiratory insufficiency
Is the participant eligible for inclusion on this study
Is the participant eligible for inclusion on this study
Was a waiver granted?
Reason for waiver
Waiver ID
Reason patient not able to participate in trial
Specify reason patient not able to participate in trial
Checklist Version Date
Eligibility Determined Date
Adolescent Outcomes Questionnaire (parent reported)
Clinic ID
First six letters of patient's last name
Physician ID
Office Chart #
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Diagnosis
ICD-9 Code
Procedure
CPT Code
CPT Date
Side of body procedure was performed on:
Adolescent Outcomes Questionnaire (parent reported)
Today's Date
Your Child's Birth Date
Your Child's Social Security Number
Your Social Security Number
1. Lift heavy books?
2. Pour a half gallon of milk?
3. Open a jar that has been opened before?
4. Use a fork and spoon?
5. Comb his/her hair?
6. Button buttons?
7. Put on his/her coat?
8. Write with a pencil?
9. On average, over the last 12 months, how often did your child miss school (camp, etc.) because of his/her health?
10. How he/she looks?
11. His/her body?
12. What clothes or shoes he/she can wear?
13. His/her ability to do the same things his/her friends do?
14. His/her health in general?
15. Did your child feel sick and tired?
16. Was your child full of pep and energy?
17. Did pain or discomfort interfere with your child's activities?
18. Run short distances?
19. Bicycle or tricycle?
20. Climb three flights of stairs?
21. Climb one flight of stairs?
22. Walk more than a mile?
23. Walk three blocks?
24. Walk one block?
25. Get on and off a bus?
26. How often does your child need help from another person for walking and climbing? (Select one response.)
27. How often does your child use assistive devices (such as braces, crutches, or wheelchair) for walking and climbing? (Select one response.)
28. Stand while washing his/her hands and face at a sink?
29. Sit in a regular chair without holding on?
30. Get on and off a toilet or chair?
31. Get in and out of bed?
32. Turn door knobs?
33. Bend over from a standing position and pick up something off the floor?
34. How often does your child need help from another person for sitting and standing? (Select one response.)
35. How often does your child use assistive devices (such as braces, crutches, or wheelchair) for sitting and standing? (Select one response.)
36. Can your child participate in recreational outdoor activities with other children the same age? (For example: bicycling, skating, hiking, jogging) (Select one response.)
If you answered "no" to Question 36 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
44. Can your child participate in pickup games or sports with other children the same age? (For example: tag, dodge ball, basketball, soccer, catch, jump rope, touch football, hop scotch) (Select one response.)
If you answered "no" to Question 44 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.) 
52. Can your child participate in competitive level sports with other children the same age? (For example: hockey, basketball, soccer, football, baseball, swimming, running [track or cross country], gymnastics, or dance) (Select one response.)
If you answered "no" to Question 44 above, was your child's activity limited by: (Choose all that apply.)
60. How often in the last week  did your child get together and do things with friends? (Select one response.)
If you answered "sometimes" or "never or rarely" to Question 60 above, was your child's activity limited by: 
66. How often in the last week did your child participate in gym/recess? (Select one response.)
If you answered "sometimes" or "never or rarely" to Question 60 above, was your child's activity limited by: 
74. Is it easy or hard for your child to make friends with children his/her own age? (Select one response.)
75. How much pain has your child had during the last week? (Select one response.)
76. During the last week, how much did pain interfere with your child's normal activities (including at home, outside of the home, and at school)? (Select one response.)
77. To have pain relief.
78. To look better.
79. To feel better about himself/herself.
80. To sleep more comfortably.
81. To be able to do activities at home.
82. To be able to do more at school.
83. To be able to do more play or recreational activities (biking, walking, doing things with friends).
84. To be able to do more sports.
85. To be free from pain or disability as an adult.
86. If your child had to spend the rest of his/her life with his/her bone and muscle condition as it is right now, how would you feel about it? (Select one response.)
87. Comments
Comorbidity (Choose all that are present)
Age
Total points:
1. How often do you have a drink containing alcohol?
2. How many drinks containing alcohol do you have on a typical day when you are drinking?
3. How often do you have six or more drinks on one occasion?
4. How often during the last year have you found that you were not able to stop drinking once you had started?
5. How often during the last year have you failed to do what was normally expected of you because of drinking?
6. How often during the last year have you needed a first drink in the morning to get yourself going after a heavy drinking session?
7. How often during the last year have you had a feeling of guilt or remorse after drinking?
8. How often during the last year have you been unable to remember what happened the night before because you had been drinking?
9. Have you or someone else been injured as a result of your drinking?
10. Has a relative or friend, doctor or other health worker been concerned about your drinking or suggested you cut down?
Date Current Staging Assessment Completed
Clinical T Stage
Clinical N Stage
Clinical M Stage
Pathologic T Stage
Pathologic N Stage
Pathologic M Stage
Disease Stage
Jewett Stage
Staging Time Point
NOTES ON SCORING FOR RESEARCHERS (remove note for actual data collection)  SOME ITEMS ARE REVERSE CODED ALREADY. The first 18 items listed below comprise the attachment-related anxiety scale.  Items 19 - 36 comprise the attachment-related avoidance scale.  In real research, the order in which these items are presented should be randomized.  Each item is rated on a 7-point scale where 1 = strongly disagree and 7 = strongly agree.  To obtain a score for attachment-related anxiety, please average a person's responses to items 1 - 18.  However,  items 9 and 11 are "reverse keyed" (i.e., high numbers represent low anxiety rather than high anxiety),  To obtain a score for attachment-related avoidance, please average a person's responses to items 19 - 36.  Items 20, 22, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, and 36 are reverse keyed.
The statements below concern how you feel in emotionally intimate relationships. We are interested in how you generally experience relationships, not just in what is happening in a current relationship. Respond to each statement by checking the circle to indicate how much you agree or disagree with the statement.
  1. I'm afraid that I will lose my partner's love.  
  2. I often worry that my partner will not want to stay with me.  
  3. I often worry that my partner doesn't really love me.  
  4. I worry that romantic partners won't care about me as much as I care about them.  
  5. I often wish that my partner's feelings for me were as strong as my feelings for him or her.  
  6. I worry a lot about my relationships.  
  7. When my partner is out of sight, I worry that he or she might become interested in someone else.  
  8. When I show my feelings for romantic partners, I'm afraid they will not feel the same about me.  
  9. I rarely worry about my partner leaving me.  
  10. My romantic partner makes me doubt myself.  
  11. I do not often worry about being abandoned.  
  12. I find that my partner(s) don't want to get as close as I would like.  
  13. Sometimes romantic partners change their feelings about me for no apparent reason.  
  14. My desire to be very close sometimes scares people away.  
  15. I'm afraid that once a romantic partner gets to know me, he or she won't like who I really am.  
  16. It makes me mad that I don't get the affection and support I need from my partner.  
  17. I worry that I won't measure up to other people.  
  18. My partner only seems to notice me when I'm angry.  
  19. I prefer not to show a partner how I feel deep down.  
  20. I feel comfortable sharing my private thoughts and feelings with my partner.  
  21. I find it difficult to allow myself to depend on romantic partners.  
  22. I am very comfortable being close to romantic partners.  
  23. I don't feel comfortable opening up to romantic partners.  
  24. I prefer not to be too close to romantic partners.  
  25. I get uncomfortable when a romantic partner wants to be very close.  
  26. I find it relatively easy to get close to my partner.  
  27. It's not difficult for me to get close to my partner.  
  28. I usually discuss my problems and concerns with my partner.  
  29. It helps to turn to my romantic partner in times of need.  
  30. I tell my partner just about everything.  
  31. I talk things over with my partner.  
  32. I am nervous when partners get too close to me.  
  33. I feel comfortable depending on romantic partners.  
  34. I find it easy to depend on romantic partners.  
  35. It's easy for me to be affectionate with my partner.  
  36. My partner really understands me and my needs.  
Attachment-Related Anxiety Scale Score:
Attachment-Related Avoidance Scale Score:
Evaluation Date
Body System
Specify Other Body System/Site
Finding Description
Finding Result
Overall Physical Exam Performed
Comorbidity (Choose all that are present)  Assigned weights for each condition the patient has ( )
Age
Comments:
Total points:
1. bathing Independently?
2. dressing by yourself?
3. getting in and out of a chair?
4. signing your name?
5. eating with utensils?
6. tying shoelaces, bows, etc.?
7. picking up coins from a flat surface?
8. unlocking a door?
9. working in your old job performing your old duties?
10. I am troubled by feeling of loneliness.
11. I often feel sad or blue.
12. At times, I think I have had an emotional problem.
13. I am not interested in doing things with my friends.
14. I don't enjoy visiting people.
15. I have no one to talk to about my problems.
16. I have feelings of being trapped or caught.
17. My injury has put me further away from my family.
18. I would rather be alone than with my family.
19. I don't like the way my family acts around me.
20. My family would be better off without me.
21. I feel frustrated because I cannot be sexually aroused as well as I used to.
22. I am simply not interested in sex any more.
23. I no longer hug, hold or kiss.
24. Sometimes, I would like to forget that my appearance has changed.
25. I feel that my burn is unattractive to others.
26. My general appearance really bothers me.
27. The appearance of my scars bothers me.
28. Being out in the sun bothers me.
29. Hot weather bothers me.
30. I can't get out and do things in hot weather.
31. It bothers me that I can't get out in the sun.
32. My skin is more sensitive than before.
33. Taking care of my skin is a bother.
34. There are things that I've been told to do for my burn that I dislike doing.
35. I wish that I didn't have to do so many things to take care of my burn.
36. I have a hard time doing all the things I've been told to take care of my burn.
37. Taking care of my burn makes it hard to do other things that are important to me.
38. My burn interferes with my work. 
39. Being burned has affected my ability to work.
40. My burn has caused problems with my working.
Instructions:  This inventory is designed to measure the grief experience of current family caregivers of a person living with progressive dementia (e.g. Alzheimer's disease).  Read each statement carefully, then from the list provided select the option that best describes how much you agree or disagree with what is said.  Choose a number 1-5 to the right. It is important that you respond to all items so that the scores are accurate. Scoring rules are listed at the end. 
1. I've had to give up a great deal to be a caregiver.
2. I miss so many of the activities we used to share.
3. I feel I am losing my freedom.
4. My physical health has declined from the stress of being a caregiver.
5. I have nobody to communicate with.
6. I don't know what is happening. I feel confused and unsure.
7. I carry a lot of stress as a caregiver.
8. I receive enough emotional support from others.
9. I have this empty, sick feeling knowing that my loved one is "gone."
10. I feel anxious and scared.
11. My personal life has changed a great deal.
12. I spend a lot of time worrying about the bad things to come.
13. Dementia is like a double loss ... I've lost the closeness with my loved one and connectedness with my family.
14. I feel terrific sadness
15. This situation is totally unacceptable in my heart.
16. My friends simply don't understand what I'm going through.
17. I feel this constant sense of responsibility, and it just never leaves.
18. I long for what was, what we had and shared in the past.
19. I could deal with other serious disabilities better than with this.
20. I can't feel free in this situation.
21. I'm having trouble sleeping.
22. I'm at peace with myself and my situation in life.
23. It's a life phase, and I know we'll get through it.
24. My extended family has no idea what I go through in caring for him/her.
25. I feel so frustrated that I often tune him/her out.
26. I am always worrying.
27. I'm angry at the disease for robbing me of so much.
28. This is requiring more emotional energy and determination than I ever expected.
29. I will be tied up with this for who knows how long.
30. It hurts to put her/him to bed at night and realize that she/he is "gone."
31. I feel very sad about what this disease has done.
32. I feel severe depression.
33. I lay awake most nights worrying about what's happening and how I'll manage tomorrow.
34. The people closest to me do not understand what I'm going through.
35. His/her death will bring me renewed personal freedom to live my life.
36. I feel powerless.
37. It's frightening because you know doctors can't cure this disease, so things only get worse.
38. I've lost other people close to me, but the losses I'm experiencing now are much more troubling.
39. Independence is what I've lost ... I don't have the freedom to go and do what I want.
40. I've had to make some drastic changes in my life as a result of becoming a caregiver.
41. I wish I had an hour or two to myself each day to pursue personal interests.
42. I'm stuck in this caregiving world, and there's nothing I can do about it.
43. I can't contain my sadness about all that's happening.
44. What upsets me most is what I've had to give up.
45. I'm managing pretty well overall.
46. I think I'm denying the full implications of this for my life.
47. I get excellent support from members of my family.
48. I've had a hard time accepting what is happening.
49. The demands on me are growing faster than I ever expected.
50. I wish this was all a dream and I could wake up back in my old life.
Self-Scoring Procedure: Add the numbers you chose to derive the following sub-scale and total grief scores. Questions 8, 22, 23, 45 and 47 should be reverse scored (1=5, 2=4, 3=3, 4=2, 5=1) before adding to calculate your scores if doing so manually. 
Personal Sacrifice Burden
Heartfelt Sadness and Longing
Worry and Felt Isolation
Total Grief Level
